He also dies.
To say how people were convinced simple and God their insight with light
It is not known for its involvement in the world.
ability is true if God is called his human
They tell the destiny change.
I ask God that to guid us and repair
It is said that the earth of the Earth and the descend from the sky and is being it is strong and impact
He also did not know people on the sins and his hold them accountable on the loudness
I am what God is told to us us that I am and do not know him and I do not.
He has done and did have done and done done with him.
The day is they became and they send it
" Lee said that since days it had been in the bus when she heard young man that he was the stole of anything of his own house.
his friend mock so he took
It is the most powerful and speak the highest in the bus
I could not have a small turkish when I married noble and I was happy to go to visit
Never her house never from her home and I remember also she had a glass sugary and that of break it
I was the son of Abby my uncle to never come into a our house
When they come in their he drinks the milk of milk or Zhang and does not move until go around
The first take off your shoes is in the path
straighten and straighten
At the Great great Great house
She suffered a daughter that plagued the disease at her eyes and had two years
As the to visit us and came from the entrance to our house the performer begins and cry the to the other house.
The other my uncle is the other
Because the path from here leads to his own brother of his own brother and those they perform
Every time he tells me not walking but I was happy and I was not.
I am they mess with who first discovered the on TV and they mess with
you know? the first what enters the House to go directly to the he takes down the family and lays down
His mother was never infinite
When get angry is get up to everyone everybody
I personally heard mourning when they go ill, and if they were going home at home, they never heard up.
She suffered a أولادها riots in every place until her home at her home.
It is also very the age of approximate
 went to Mariam، and said she had a wanted to find her on the subject of Mary mine
Lee said that it's a family Bachelor of Arts
She then said she would have a statement for the modern compositions
She has said and what about me hey
It was also a I thought
I am I was I am speak when I told me to touch with her mother.
I said she had with Babas since when?
But they were working to really work in the latter's last.
She is working with the Mary it
Yeah
He was a boy.
Yeah
They are in the second year or third year.
second year in the second year.
It is an important yeah
They have directly reduced the names oh
sorry passed between my fingers
I remember you did not like my nothing?
If I oh I oh my goodness my goodness
for you also: the lower flow.
Do i'm still Low Dunya
And the semitic of the Sami and scream bed is brought where the cognitive is excessive
My perception, above
I am she called me and I reat it
He did not know how you is Marioma
When the mobile is bring
yeah Mary had originally fascinated the story again.
Only the story is remain
Oh my God I wear the veil veil
...
We know that God is willing
A small Arabian friend at the age of 36.
Until Maysaa
what? no what?
yeah
I wanted to donate her going، but I didn't know it and she had finished.
Lee said they are those who go to me.
Lee said she attend her on their own and when she they come back a  welcomes car
The other met in young young years, in Algiers, but in Algiers, Lee :
because they are nearest because they are closer to it.
The best wife my uncle was also led to Easter الحج
We said that their Egyptian identity will why we تأتون
She told her wife my uncle we أولادنا and نطمئن to all his home at his later home later نهتم بأنفسنا
We were originally in the barn الحج
special look special
before the telephone reaches the phone far away
This word is known as ?
Come on talk
Today it has a out laughed me
I asked her how are you
Since the days I speak I am on they have written شكرا
I first thing
لي شكرا يا ابنة daughter of البكوش
"At that you have written رشروش
أتعلمين كدت أموت ضحكا
everybody found that everyone is seen in the المقهى
أرأيت app that أعطاهم it سبع؟
From هؤلاء؟
تخصص
ينجزون تعليميين تعليميين
هي was originally understood as the word educational .
كأنك Learning people (2000) learn something
A طلب تحضيره is a تطبيقات applications.
No one is known as يدرسهم and يتعلمهم
knows .
يفهم
When they did not read after they were not available.
I feel you would expect to be difficult to إذا؟
Not سهلا
It is السهل؟
La ، never the thing
But the more algorithms for the algorithms are held.
لماذا and why I thought not يدرسونا I يدرسونا
All الإختصاصات are تدرس
...
why I don't know in my المدرجات؟
مسكين
يا إلهي
" Lee and his companions said in the الصباح: in the الحلم telling me very أحبك but كابنتي
طبعا يا طبعا طبعا
...
بخير and الحمد لله
Since eight days, I has been كنت by God الله
Be I is like كنا
And we know about the الاختصاصات
This is the best known سألتها
قالت: صدقيني، La أعلم
لي: said networks as the مثلا،
I am not interested in networks مطلقا
The أنظري now reports how the networks were only selected networks that had selected networks.
morning of the صباح
بخير
The morning is يا unique how we يا
He discussed the idea of يمكنكم الإتصال in شريحتي and جيزي
إشتريت شاحنا years
It put it a موبيليس
why the BBC did not تتصلي
... Lee What asked the منك
صدقيني had نسيت
Out of the ورائها if نميمة are نميمة
أعجبني one of the المشابك سآخذه
إليك عني
I said, you know that the daylight is قصيرا
personally could not be necessary.
3.
In any hour أنتم
خديجة said they had successfully completed on Thursday on Thursday day.
On Thursday, they will not have brought a الدرس
جماعة، هذه this النظرة؟ denotes the decision of the decision without تسألوني
I تطلبوا if I am not لست
نذهب on Friday days.
Friday, on the road days.
(The name توقفي is derived from deep الظلم
دعيني يا أسماء عي الظلم tr.
It's تظلمني
عادي، not أملك units must be أعبأ six thousand followers of مصروف and it ended up the انتهى
أكاد أموت starved never أتغد
I also did not.
This beautiful جميل
The other is Best منه
It is that they bought from Tunisia by من
This .
This is a good إنه that it looks like the my father of France from France on.
The blue which is blue blue زرقاء
I did not arouse it, and this would be ذلك
It has been sent for a wife of my uncle مسعود مسعود one to you and one لي؟
yeah is a أعطيتكم فيما later later yeah
However, عندي was in room at room La ،
I was أضع
صدقني does not know the characteristic great أزرق، أأتذكر العطر؟ العطر؟
This and but no a long long.
This implies no difference.
صدقني nothing does not exist.
A true is not really found.
It is approximately one of the water made of water.
It is only إلهي that is, only very difficult to القارورة،
Race declares it permanently.
This would however be good رائحته
It is not completely clear.
صدقني
the bright color that we خلفها
It is true (but أيوب، even as the good رائحته is حلوة
إنتهت أعرف I know أشتريه
These بسبعة and some have بثلاثين alpha سعر and have a fixed price of عطر and not مزيلا
She buys the العرق of العرق بخمسة and Anna ألفا
It is very clear that they are أصليون because they are أصليون
The original thing is not كالتقليد
The original racial race, تجده بكم؟
Forty or forty people, there are very small العطور
نسيت name ، ، is well known in France in France.
A very small and short long.
It has a month.
This is not depicted to القارورة، the flask is تملأ
She did not تملأ and had five reigns and twenty ألفا
However, this is not a small ، such as the المدينة
أرأيت قارورة الصغيرة small ؟تشبها ،أرأيتها؟
عرفتها
and this a French mark yeah
All of the signs in France are all هل and وجدت
There, there are two books, but others are مصنوعون here and هناك
There is a المحل which has a قاروراتي usually قاروراتي
yeah عرفته
yeah ذاك، yeah ذاك، has عطور special بالرجال and other بالنساء
It has a built-in للرجال for original للرجال
yeah as تشاء، يعطيك guide and You chose تختار
...
The figure for signs are أرأيت
أعلم filled the flask بأربعين
They also have twenty ألفا but good from forty to fifty ،
It is true in الثلاجة لتبيت and in الغد تستعملها، but when تستعملها does not never تزول
This العطور التونسية is also true but not good رائحتها
Those that are هناك are good نوعا
I think I am to and not women for women.
رائحتها looks like a قليلا
بعد compares them as good on the first day but later later afterwards.
I had that that were عندي in summer I and I was من
yeah لازالت
إنتهت
yeah إنتهت
بكم ملأتها؟
But استعملتها is frequently بأربعين
أيوب ، why I did not one أخرى؟
Up to تستعملها You
why ؟ ordinary ؟
In order to عشرين
صحيح عشرون are not a normal مشكلة،
ask then of the my father
ask them from أمي
come on and when؟
These days غدا
دعها للأسبوع next دعها
No small حسنا there are very small هكذا
See Sharp أكيد five ألاف
As a measure, five thousands of ستجدها had five ألفا 10 or 20 ألفا، making it the best known estimate of the small أن and had five ألفا ending in two days ending in two days.
This القارورات what القارورات an سيقبل will not accept.
لماذا؟
عادي، can be paid up by five thousand or بعشرة آلاف، a يخسر،،هو will not hear a بك
يا أخي has نسينا،، why we are.
سيصعدون to the office is now سيصعدون
This is very بالذات and سينهي
You speak with my أبدا؟
عندك
To join the House now البيت
The document has a document instantly أدري
because it teaches it.
yeah
A document from the الإبتدائية and did not أجد
إذهب يا ماذا؟ is the first door to the open door ،ذاك ،ذاك
إذهب provide and استدر يسارا
Increasingly, the بني is بني دجو and دجو
بعثه again بعثه
La أعرف، directed a girl and آتي
People have يا people يا
عندكم راحة
The top is يحتاجونك
eighth ماذا؟
" Lee really حقا الثامن، أخي كريم؟
when
VIII that شاء God
مابها ؟ are well common.
yeah is good when we intended to ، and are well جيدا
...
No Internet is no longer تعود
يا لازالت لازالت is not available.
There are no سرقوا سرقوا font line.
really really really really really really did.
If they are alone.
...
وجده أم؟
He is not, since البارحة
Since the first year and line.
Khaled لم
لازلنا ساهرين
An early time يا صلاح، into their أقصد even أرى what it is أتصل
لأشتري سأذهب quickly and أعود
It is and the فاتورته، و
This is this is .
There is no شبيهه
It is later that the two women have a ندرس عندك
As a high مرتفعة young أعجبني came to be felt in the early morning.
He would not do any thing، on the seventh and النصف، تسأم
يا heard أخي؟ whether I stayed up to my للعطلة؟
km أسبوع؟
For the show yeah، on Tuesday, عندنا this and the Ben بن
Ben said that each trick is بمفرده،
Chest pain and the last أنت which was strongly rejected by رفضت
يا is يا يا
غدا promised to return to J.H.
I said I had to do so.
I said it had rights.
أتعلم ؟ everything محضر
She is not in the last أتعلم
yeah، yeah Little learning البنات و and حسب حسب
See now now أنظر
I know that the ساعتي were مضبوطة
On the idea of أحضرت a small فكرة
I say what you don't say this voice.
...
الأطباق dishes are و and احذري
Lee said where he is the key to the المرآب key key key key.
They inhabit the black and black warbler أنظري in the black السترة
أيعرف where it is أيعرف
I am only free.
تحتاجهم ، يا يا يا why we do not تأت؟
Many study study عندي
سآتي سآتي to abit معك غدا
، أين؟
here here here.
The صدقيني لا يا زينب
The computer I need on Thursday days.
I also too I need it
I will not أتأخر
I even see كم سأستعمله less than a hour.
yeah إنتهى command .
أرأيت يا Lou Lou studied الآلي media تماما
Mathematics
Whatever they can change them مكانهم؟
my father in the بلال mosque is في
في in the بلال mosque is yeah
yeah
The ها character is all هذا؟
You put الفأرة and I am very أستعمل I am very مشوشة
This is good الموضوع
This phone is yeah by a النقال
Out of the الهاتف telephone النقال؟
Not this Lee
yeah was the subject of the other computer الحاسوب
Any منهم؟
In any hour آتي ؟ in such a time after the صلاة صلاة
The صدقيني لا يا زينب
The last unit of unity is not five دنانير
صدقيني أقسم بالله لا فلسا فلسا
On the way, the computer can be تعطيني
I also need it
when
صدقني La أعلم
I am married on the evening on the second night.
سأعطيك it does not أعلم it can reduce it in the evening on the second on the computer.
No one half or one half time بحال
Every time we see the same speech.
ألو مانو How حالك؟ بخير
أتعلمين the أتصل Ali أن
But for نلتقي the لي and Lee Lee are all thing
Chest pain is about answer.
If God is غدا God is with safety in the الله of God safety.
They are not often very أحبك
Only one صدقيني is مشغول
This alone is فحسب and I سأفهم
No longer does nothing to say that I can say it can like I and I do not.
Neither nothing did not exist.
I now سأفرغ when he was سأفرغ
حسنا I أنتظر
It was now associated with the safety of the village.
حسنا with safety if حسنا
If position أعطوك it good good
... The جيد رائع
But kept محتارة لوحدي I meant that if he was not decades the whole work was تعمله
أرأيت this never did.
But the أتعلمين is the منصب of the المفروض
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
No known work has العقود
It is good جيد
We had done her business work.
That is, why why I will not come from.
Neither she ذاهبة some loans.
مباشرة لأضع and أمر
How لي pain, Lee سيأتي is the father of ليذهبوا with a خالي ليتكملوا with the الإمام
They decided to and went to Portugal, with the الإمام but his other story came to get so in my قالوا said that they did not know the chaos of the universe.
I originally this thing even heard the same people.
I said if he did not have a القران no longer معك
نعك true معك right
They may not be very much انزعجت and كدت this entire الخطبة
No يا كل all of these stories is not يا
Even they would have to be استغفرت why humans had come to be بهذع
The God God will not occur only in the الخير نفسك yourself but بإذن
صدقيني يا أنت أنت is a very human احيانا and a human يحب
It is true for عليك times that تفضفضي with someone will be مع
It true I أفهمك يا
صدقيني صدقيني I am متوكلة God in everything of everything كل
also as well.
This pain comes today to the day.
صبرينة came only by صبرينة
He came to director and did much like his قال راحتكم
The names were not تأت
No Sunday came on the last Sunday after that it did not تأت
...
I do not know that she has no longer أتكلم
It is عائشة
I fear at المؤطر
You أنت I لذي I مع with my مؤطرك
The أنجزي said that the entire العمل then أعيدي the ball until the size of the volume was حتى
I said I had to do, however, they did nothing for them nothing to do so.
She said, you have taken the tools and to nothing of her existence.
The XL1 alone is a problem.
أرأيت
This is similar to the هو
He was a يفهم
We show this فعلنا during the show presentation.
لكني becomes much وقتا
فيم أضعت time.
أنزعج أنزعج frequently أنزعج
A سأقول is any يا that is more explicitly أنزعج when it is أجد
This is true for بالفرنسية which must be تترجمي
Rainfall in one day, the four chapters go through.
Nothing عجيب سبحان is free and free فأمطار
يا but calls not actually make his normal work as أقصد
It is for a little play.
That is, it is to be for what he can learn how to يلغب the بالألوان
No أعرف
She is the most young university in the room where she is الفتيات
إذهبي الله God
However, سارة is يا where you are to do so.
I became أفعل
His story is told by I and I الآن I أجلس and then أكتبها
This يا the يا بيد but حيلة
Until الأستاذة when she said she had told nothing else that he was the only way to do so.
I got my last thing
I say you أكملي my عملك and later سنرى
But the idea of the façade and the الإتصال is from outside.
A lot is very difficult to شخص
تماما
Whatever the day was ستحضرين
I don't know my وجدتني
Little القليل and little السبانخ
He would do what he was in my السبانخ
But the ميمي
She is free free and إليها it will not always do anything of nothing so.
أقصد explicitly يا أمي I also كرهته from a day حضرته like تحضره خالتي and it never became أطيقه
* سارة سارة سارة سارة and سافعله سارة is directly يا
I am very wrong if you are really في
This is done if I say I am what I am every day and the entire year.
It is true true of the true تسأمين
أمي where I my father
No longer I know and then entered the المطارية and went on to do where he went back where he went back where he went back where he went back where he went back where he went back where he went away.
I thought that he had the idea of obtaining لخولة his leaves since البارحة and the my father seems to be تنسا
Any leaf أوراق
For a المنحة document.
Pain pain تقولي that أبوك سيبيع and buy a car سيارة
The البارحة took a license from Fred الرخصة
المسكين why المسكين
منال خمارك يليق بمعطفي
  but yeah يليق is also true of بمعطفي
I don't hear the منك I love to you.
I have خائفة you are too من
I have not begun to come back from.
مابك مالذي which you do not.
" Lee did not.
On يا the idea of يا الجديدة is good بطاريتك
It was well known as a good لكن until I later became أحافظ when it was أنزع
yeah I am nothing when he was تكونين at home, the البطارية was originally البطارية and اعملي
I أخاف سارة
I want you to do Sarah جئت and I have not.
قولي has no سارة you will not understand the subject until the عليا
You have still time time.
It is also يا يلزمني that the أذهب is asked to ask it.
And when تعودين and تعودين
صدقيني I do not know a سأرجع
# شاء God يارب
Some if God is أمان
عيشوشة لن
No know I were تأخرت
This is all with المؤطر
It was possible to have been تأخرت
It is true of it can only be تنتظرها
It is يا how you يا
Press yeah.
...
لله and الحمد لله
This is a good أم
He مشغول in the election of his son and is مشغول with him.
No معقول did not تخبريني
بلى يا the girl said you do this day.
I never heard that you could not know that they could لمنال
At the same time, the father of حفيظ had little ترشح who did not know for those who had not.
المهم
What is, You also Hear إنتخبيه
I do nothing of a الإنتخابات
They would not have a elections throughout my life rather than my life.
A second election is held by their own الخاصة
You have Beautiful يا
شكرا
When اشتريت this الثياب
The الحذاء has been during the winter عطلة
However, in each time it was reported that the rains were not ألبسهم
Beck had لبستهم
عائشة أنظري
إنتزع القفل from المعطف
I am not تقولي I حسدتك
...
إياكي يل Sarah believes that to تقوليها in front of his life you will not تنساها I am أي
The تعالي alone and the اتهى command command أمزح
But the right eye did not feel the right of God to الله
No matter is لست
سارة قالت the Internet is not the same as the الشيطان does not simply say that the الشيطان is بالله
yeah is said to be الرسول and peace is not a lack of people who do not have a right to say.
really really really really really really did.
Of A.
It is not known that Lee يا
When he was معك he left a حاسوبي in the منال
أشعلت and و did not start the الحقيبة which had a computers with بالإشتعال
His شممت went a thing رائحة نظرت فوجدت فوجدت and shot النار
A computer inside الحقيبة
If we do, they did nothing for them alone.
Nothing is not للحلسوب for Alice
It does not no longer have anything الحقيبة alone.
This pitted the form of God to God
She said she had difficulty pain, "I have told me no longer حسبتها a المدفأة رائحة
She is that she أشعلتها and it is not a تنتبه
I try to know what I feel that.
It is that God is ستر
I said لأتصل and أروي had what happened to me too.
The الحمد reported that only a disease is hit by a disease.
الحمد لله
The حسنا is يا by God and البنات يا
It is derived in the God أمان
(The منال does not speak only for the مليك
Lee loves often فريد
...
But they are easy to لذيذة
أرأيت Italian يطهون was almost مثلنا
Nothing did nothing very simple things and she attended them alone.
I am كدت that morning كدت أصطدم
كدت تصطدمين برؤوف on seven السابعة
His father, I am يصعد and I am quickly من it was possible to take his work and came to take the play.
I see why you were you تتكلمين
With the فاتح the أمه caused the فوقنا his mother and his mother أتجاهله
We did not return above my face.
I am seeing God I and later in addition to what would be أخجل at the age of إبني
yeah whether you are.
The سهيلة day comes يا
No study is ثلاثاء there is no study in the evening not أذهب
yeah certainly did not come to the university as they went to أكيد
God said that God would make it much تغيبت to do this.
إنتظريني يا now و and ارو Lee is now ارو
أتعلمين يا سارة مثلنا
It is very easy to tell those الحلوى
The character is يا ها and it is أتت here as it is وضعته
Sarah had لقد
The next coming dates thus only completed this success.
The show was named after him.
That is, the نتكلم is about a video.
yeah Extensive school.
No إسمه
This broadcasts in Abu Dhabi in London.
Lou Lee العنوان
The جواهر
It's good why it is good attention.
Since the first episode of the first and Anna I أقول you يا you know the جيد we are now يا سوسن
When كلمتني it is not أذكر
No one is كلمتك
He started to start this and then began such there.
She first appeared to you يا as it is a يبث television broadcast on الثامنة at Abu Dhabi شاهديه
They said where you could not أسهر
I said that this was كثير
At the age of 18, I died, on the seventh scale).
However, when the age begins on the 29th months.
The 9 is a problem.
"The same speech that I قلته by صدقيني that the same speech is راع
شاهدت an online episode that would not die in the final episode and يرزق بطفلة with ياسمين
However, in the episode, where the other was dubbed the bullet and Matt بكيت something is much dead and that he will not die yet.
أمي came to me me as لي and again from it could not be a هو
Three episodes and we are أتعلمين
Lee said that his father was a drug in drug drugs.
This first episode of the first episode was الحلقة
But it is recently إكتشف
You don't know you when your father father died when أخوه becomes a president.
He came from Italy to study in America and then went to America and then came back to Turkey as well.
For what to Turkey, he became the head of a republic.
He became a mother and his mother became a drug in drug المخدرات
Learning that ذهنيته should not accept drugs.
هو was a تدرس تدرس and was taught in the management of its own company.
At the night she said I come on نذهب off.
It said that he was not invited to me.
She said I love working for European ذهنية I said I am love if he did now أنجزه
Now it will now belong to the store at night in night.
In what went to the وجدهم يحضرون drug يحضرون there is a drug story.
I feel him what he is ten where he is ten people dead.
He is La لا
He donated the land to لعشيرته and gave the land لعشيرته and أعطاهم الكباش
He was the last to do so, and he said he had the wife of أخيك غصبا
It was initially a regular but was also ordinary but changed to it.
...
These rings look for this work.
أخيه wife was the brilliant but since coming out of prison changed from prison.
He married بياسمسن
It is not yet not يتزوج for what he was married to تتقاتل and عشيرة her father and عشيرة her father said.
The breast is said to have بك Ali even تكملي and is accepted by a الدم
He had married and he said that they would have this زوجتي and he did not فيها
She completed her father, seeing that he would أعمل
She also did not work, acting and did not have a woman who never do not work.
Like his sister ذهنية he had no study and is the بالعكس يساعدها
Her أنت You feel and I am when I أضمن you have a مستقبلك you can بشكل our سأطلقك
She later said that yeah later wrote his wife أتطلق I would not.
It has since been at this time.
He started working with a new actress dead in سيدي and عاشور someone who told him أتعلم from the entire day for the entire day, and أنتم تسجدون and تصلون لربكم
ربي is ربك
He has always told him a Grammy الأعياد not always المرضية nor تتقاضون that there was a عندنا on one occasion in January January 2007.
New Year New Year.
The New Year of New Year.
يصرحوا pain in الشروق that the first محرم would be on Saturday, السبت
الشروق كاذبون
The same day, it was not a day السبت
In all اليوميات
The first daily release.
He died in الشروق on Saturday, and even in the news نشرة
In the past, Walid صحفيو has been his way to their way to جهنم
These are إشعال on, الفتنة in the انترنات
They write in an article about the person and Muslims فهمت and نشروه as they also write in an article about the person about the المسلمين
Why تبلغ is a list of Muslim Muslims in this way كلامه
The story is similar to that person.
He يقنع Muslims to become citizens.
She got it كلامه that took and won the نشروه
يساعدونه
I wanted to يساعدونه يساعدونه it was like ينصرهم
We don't know that نحاربه and do not know what You am أنت
I don't know the الشروق
يشتريه my father
...
my father my my father is و
on the idea of الكامرون does not want to play معنا
In order to make money in the الشروق
These also claimed that they would كذب said that جبور people had to live in the team from the الكامرون came to make him يشأ because from the team that he rejected.
It is very clear that it كذبة
سمعته lose something for something كهذا
These story played when they played each other.
نها and تقول came to see Algeria with the goal of ضد
يلعبوا pain against each day, and not know from the أصيب أصيب came out of the other team playing with البدلة and entered it.
, and from record record.
Algeria Algeria
A person does not exist.
(The two women don't know no longer أشاهده
Lee resigned against Algeria and Algeria.
Lee and أرأيت said that some do not يخجلون
For يضربهم a person is told that the day is very غريب
On what he heard of the Islam أرأيت
No أعلم
قولي you do not know this true to it.
It was later captured since the time when he was to financial or Niger time.
في in الإنترنات يلبس and يلبس spp.
Le رأيته رأيته and أصابعه مقطوعة
يا إلهي and How appeared to be أصابعه
بقنبلة or لا did not أعلم
I don't know the origin of the news from where they ask from a perch when they go to the home, where they go on to the right).
The situation in Egypt also has said that this new government has entirely أكملت Mubarak مبارك
heard this well.
It was recorded in الفايسبوك البارحة
If you are not less than my كنت the bus was أركب and the bus was مخلص to the owner كان يا
...
I am تعرفين كدت أنطق and I also tells him me I have فايسبوك I have فايسبوك
Lee said there are things with her friends who attract them.
These are these things as well.
Lee سجلي in فايسبوك and سأرسلها you are لك
This is followed by a الدوكتوراه عنها which is عنها
It is an idea of a large فئرانها
yeah and even small فأري have a large area of .
He and I Am فأرك
It is not بصدد
Other words start يمرضون يمرضون
In الماء the toxin starts them to water if رأيتهم تعطيهم
They go ليشربوا and do not know that they are pregnant.
Lee عندي قالت you have to do her own mail in the mail.
Lee said, "I know in my الفايسبوك and سأرسلهم you do not know what these things are الأشياء
Whatever the other is not in the الفايسبوك
كلمة and السر the word was given as the same place in each location.
سجليها in the phone النقال
Lee إحراجا أبدو كأني غبية
I I say it.
Lee does not know about this of the intensity of the غباء seeing the observations they أضعها
The special word ببريدي is very simple and أنساها
I remember that we do not make the word سهلة little to be completely سهلة even not easy to الإختراق
انا a very complex word for انا
أحسنت once once again.
Like the المسلسل the series is shown at the عند file until it is not mentions where it has put it up.
Thus the عذبوه did not say they had to do so, and the heart was never يجده
This does not in itself as غبي
No significant file is in the place of أذكره
It recorded this well.
In order to حيلة the first two days of عيناي the first two days I can't فتحهم
Today it is يا when the Wednesday البارحة الأربعاء and the first Tuesday الثلاثاء الأنوار الأنوار and أغمضت شغلت served only as see to see it.
I can't want television and see them to back.
If one of his two الضوء light is to be found in the عيناي it always affects the الزكام and تسد أذناي which implies that the brain affected the brain and تسد
No trace was not affected by the fact that the عيناك only حساستان
إحتمال
All people تسد آذانهم
That year this year changed a type of زكام يحوم if it was also called بالرمد بالرمد
yeah has been found in one years and a أصاب
I last someone injured in the house.
When we began everyone and their children, the disease began to prepare for مرضنا
I also died when he بدؤوا his home at home, I did not know why I was not.
How he was initially في we were at first نصب we were not mentioned to ourselves and later جاء the daughter of the خالتي
ذهبا all had a little and then عدنا and then became a هنا here in the العرس to us that illness from there came and came up.
In الغد she returned to العرس and عيناها for this size.
مذاك all but I have no longer أمرض two days immediately.
I even I am أنا
On this eye and his eye eye.
It is not the two main أصابني
It is not one alone alone but has been given what the early morning and I am أغسل and lose soap in the عيناي and أضع القطرات one blue and other red دقيقة
I never يدم
I also am two days later in a الإثنتان together when I saw I was شفيوا and I am عني
" Lee إياك that تصيبينا again and those who are بالعدوى
أتذكرين pain that is أصابني
I fear a standing فحسب
يؤلماني آلماني frequently يؤلماني
It is not a floating point and أستيقظ for أنام
I can't I can't even sleep.
It is now يا سوسن
Only 10 minutes old, 10 minutes for 10 minutes.
سجلنا quarter hours.
The yeah soon after to the إسأليني section is why it أصعد
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
أرسلتني Mary lead its document
A private document.
There is a competition in Youth House.
العمل in young nursing House, a good أخت working in Youth House sometimes providing her to عروضا
In one way they have a National للدرك عرضا that their special dogs are بهم
I do not.
If the drug is شم the drug or else is thing سيده or anything becomes وحشا
Dogs are أتعلمين and very ضخام
Like the عمتي it was later described as one of the larger and صار
It was very black and very small I knew and was later a بطولي later أصبح
But if he saw his أحدا
Such كلمنا which كلمنا him to have a short ذيل
This is not a breed of أصيلة as it is said to تهجين
Those subspecies become a complete تصاب however, not known as فيهاجمه فيهاجمه
If this is too large from this lion and doesn't have a فرو جلده it is too small فيه
I am very young from dogs until he was very young, and I was very small.
صديقتي is a small, إسمه معه and a تخرجه in the تخرجه where he is a يوم and a تخرجه
It is تبكي
It is not until a كلب
There are يبكي
It is true but not تبك
In Europe the writing of the lyrics and the when he يموت the جنازة
This story tells that it is a professor of law at high school in the case that when he dies يكتب لكلبه and tells the legal الكلب
لشخص is an individual or person who is not happy to a person.
She said in one occasion in a European channel does not أعلم any country with her side and her music side.
What is, meaning that the meaning of why people with بالمجاعة or victims of war were قالت
It is said that the skin is و and the رؤوس are found to the outer skin.
قرأتها in the newspaper
in 1932.
...
It is said that they are يبيعونها
In شاپي they also found one restaurants selling beef الحمير and له
This story is known as the قديمة
The money is يكسبون when God cannot تغنى
الحصان horses that have ingested the الدم is useful for أليس
It is useful for الثمن
Lee said that he is very young, however, that he يبيعونه the flesh of بغال and Alice Alice as well.
yeah
They were originally ستجدين
This is said to be a fire in قسنطينة
ثروة
وجدوا found other animals, and other animals.
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
No أعلم
Stranger the first time أسمعها
He is very intelligent than the Big Bad
" Li جارتنا said that we were إلى to the zoo in which she was much a young woman with Sultan الكباش
how Sultan الكباش
It has a century in this form and a century with one in front of the 21st century, one in front of the الخلف and one in the back, and one القرد white القرد
... "The ' لي And جاؤوا جاؤوا came to يصرخون and يصرخون
"I said that the القرد القرد was told that we were يشاهدنا we were يشاهدنا we were يشاهدنا
The أختي also went to a zoo as a thing to see her in the garden to find it in the park.
She has خليل توقفي about الكذب
I had not been a zoo in which the نمر and the animals living in the forest would not be إليها
yeah even one يأكلك
This image was seen as a figure by later مضى
مازلت عندك
I say that she die just after.
السيرك سرقوا نمرا of السيرك
yeah أهانونا
...
It is possible to يبيعوه
I am يبيعونه
You had not yet sold it for what they had not يباع
شاهدت film a رائع
It is not known about animals and not humans, animals.
And it was "The Cheetah المخطط
No أعلم
I said you born إثنان
At the end of the country the country came ليصطاد and they came like the Romans who come to come and يقاتلونهم the money to the capital.
They are required to kill the others.
This infuriated بالحيوانات went to the رآها forest and passed the فاصطادها tube, which was not a أصاب أصاب
He is believed to be killed and the court is the case that a dead وضع and a weapon حمل and throwing them to me with me that killed them.
He also had to wait as أرضا and she escaped to other فاصطادهم
One of the children taking to السيرك and the other scored one of the children he told him.
The father of either a Commander or أعلم
If he رأينه his رائع and his رائع have a young لو you have a bad الأيام
The child was also interested in fighting with him and قتله
I said I had to go from here to him like him, just like eating the الكلب we could يهاجمنا
Lou character how you did the الصغير
At King and the king was the house of the house and the المتوحشة
It holds something what the animal is متوحشا and what your money is قدر
He is very متوحش and pain affects what happened in the الكلب
He and what is credited with his بعروضه
Each year يحضر animals and يقاتلها of what were the chief of those brothers the brothers was not aware that they were إخوة
أحضرهم and ليتقاتلوا and يعمل were working at السيرك هادئ in السيرك يقفز from فوق at the show and only the other two were بدؤوا يتقاتلون and حتى even making them the eyes of each other and had to be played by غضب and يتهارشون by the king of غضب
He has a son, قاتلوهم
His benefit was not to play and then play and then went to the forest.
They are not معتادين to the fishing and تربوا that they have no meat not know how we يصطادون
They get what a يهجمون hour will find a flesh and take up a thin beef تمر
We ought to avoid it خطيرين
yeah سأكمل you are all نذهب and are all available.
yeah where he reached it.
I said you went to the forest and are not known to know how يصطادون صاروا يهجمون on their الجزارين and شاحنات
We ought to avoid my face.
صاروا were صاروا in the forest.
In one year, it was sacked by a المحاطة المحاطة بالأشجار and النار fire النار
مشتعلة and هما are the primary fire in the world.
As he said you had grown in the السيرك known how our النار were well aware of the نظر and then jumped into it.
He later became the head of the party, and the يعود، it goes to يعلمه how he was hiding قفز and هربوا and هربوا
The يركضون and يركضون went on to found in the forest until they found أمهم to the bullet called the bullet called the bullet يطلق
He stay with the أمهم playing her later أكمل
For this time he did the same المقلب as the عليا had a عليا movies and then said Lee was never أكمله
I said if why he was impossible to عليا
" Lee أغتاظ لوحدي
أمي did not know if he was a film in my last تقول saying that Lee was a thing and a thing if he was مسلسلا in the final episode, اشتري and اشتري
They have suppressed the نهى and told the time the next time when the you تروي you do not come and ترويه me ...
The next time I say you say a film or drama مسلسل لي
As the idea of French نبدأ said that Lee in those university is named for the old movement.
French and ستتكلمين do not know the تنزعين of the Arab رأسك and the ستتكلمين are quick because language is not so language.
Now we can make it أين where it is اللسان the tongue is certainly هل or do not exist.
exactly exercise واجب
The CW also يجرون the مسابقات contest and from an ينجح to a standing visa.
Not not this is not a competition case.
The meaning of the device is true سي
The center is بالفرنسية
If this does not mean that both wins the يرسلونه to France to Paris.
I also did not just have this happened to you the competition.
You see, however, do not succeed or do not know your إختبارا
yeah pp.
You don't see what the difference between here and there is no way to be the difference between here and هناك
أنظري أتعلمين that there are إختبارا in قسنطينة and there is also a test in Algeria.
The first سيسألونك to do what we go to here is هنا
I got to فرض I am from his سيسألك
come on why we believe we believe دراستك دراستك here is.
You now feel in الثاني II and ستكملين الدوكتوراه why I think it is قبل الدوكتوراه there are تحضريها قبل
I will not أقبل here ترتيبي
This true is true meaning if you are present.
إحتمال not إختبارا ؟
* لما؟ إختبارا هنا Here ؟
أين؟ هنا؟ depends on the order
If one method is خاطئة
شيئان or three أشياء are used for the order of الترتيب
To say that you have got a chance to go there to the public.
You you want to me.
Now the role of Professor and أسألك is now why جئت is لتكملي
So the level level.
Only this ؟ to transfer if you are ثم
After a professor became a professor later.
You are able to teach teaching on
yeah I are capable of yeah
أكيد
أكيد
What you could تدرسي
For example, the criteria that are يمكني استطيع and الخوارزميات are الخوارزميات
" If they receive الدوكتوراه تستمرين in action in France or تعودين to بلادك
On the invitation of his لتدرسي he had a chance of لتدرسي in France and the opportunity for لتدرسي and why he was تختارين
أختار Algeria
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
It is true that there are good and significant members of the time, but the remains remain غربة
That is, however, we don't know if I am seeing the work in our أحسن love the best لأني love and بلدي the بالعلم love there and أقدمه in بلدي
For each other طريقة
Do Do عندك موضوع
Les ليس
If he is to assume that he comes غدا and يسألك an موضوع، you can love him to France and to make him to make him a subject to France احضر
I do not now know about it.
Remember that is, the subject is a topic of ؟
She is now in الماستر II and just after I can't say you can't I do.
No matter has no subject to this is necessary.
I now began in the field of وبديهي
Its objective is to الماستر in this area.
In الماستر it is not involved in this area but it is the يندرج
...
...
أسألك what is considered the difference if there were no difference in اختصاصين فهمت فهمت
If if this.
أكيد
yeah أكيد
If I don't do not do, but I are أولا
He تقدمت
Slightly later, أعطاني المؤطر compiled the work of لأنجزه and مازلت was never published.
ستستعملينه
Do تجيدين is little existence.
استعملته by the الليسانس meant that her had the idea of عنه
From المؤطر
أم or simply ؟ is the cause of how it is.
No كلمته and other كلمت are also that the reaction is required.
It is a المعارف، أنت which is described by أم
الإختصاص did not have any idea of any تخصص، even it does not speak on the day where it emerges all the إختصاصه to be students in order to have the idea that students choose ، and even have no idea of any تخصص
I اخترت I was the first thing I thought.
But that year there was no need for أنتظره and it was not one of the two most did not أجد
I really الذي him to him and I am my يردني
Of the said, Lee طالب in his ممكن، is a ممكن، يحدد ممكن، هل that is, without looking for it.
Not his view is.
I think I have no بأستاذ
In his belief that he believed that a student in his second الماستر there is no further بعد to choose the subject to the subject.
This is true in الليسانس، لكنك in الثاني II كأنك in الماجيستار when you can تدرسي and تؤطري you can تدرسي and تستطيعين until تقترحي
How Lee إحتمال؟ does not exist there is no probability of this speech by a person who has not happened something in his life.
Lee said, we have a special subjects that بنا our own research and students work and teach them if he considered in his mind is and not a student interest.
People like this view are in special مصلحته before the student interest is important.
المال and يطمع that do something do something and أحضره him.
This first while the second أستاذة، was said to be لي
Lee has said that he is عولج by what he رأيك in this speech.
This is a naturally normal إحتمال that can أنت
The الله of God has said that everything is عولج in the الآلي الإعلام but still remains additional things when the working work is فصلا فصلا compared to the working and works of سبقني and see from the ،إذا of these also منها
The second and third to what Lee said Lee قال is not whatever مهما
Lee said, when exposed to a physician, but a person in the field is normal المجال
I said I was سأسألك
I said it was a good or not لا
This third flight entered into his position.
" Lee said, "I will think about the work that will be done on.
It is the severity of the إعجابه الإلحاح with his شدة
" " The جيد and his كا are so good to you if I are happy or not.
The night, Lee غدا "I say you yeah you yeah you or not, if the answer is not why we do not.
إنتظرت and تفقدت in the morning and in the evening on the evening and Friday on Saturday, Friday, يوم never sent him sent him to send him to him أنتظر
The عليا and قال said it is not a يحضر he attended الدوكتوراه and سيناقش to what he did not have a time at ما
I أرسلت أرسلت sent him to stick with سيدي and You learned that you had a business and no business could not exist.
It is often scheduled to do so.
If we don't say that Lee أعد and then me me we want to do something that he wants to be a practical يسرق
I saw him from his wounds and كأنك You would no longer أسامحك I أعمل I am all of her four years there.
In the latter إخترت the مؤطرا has a ماجيستار and a أطرها السيد
Another subject is إخترت
Lou I مكاني مالذي I am ستفعلينه
Any موضوع and a subject of أنهي and تعرضه can improve this private project with a 26% and bad education.
أنظري لك you do anything do not do so.
بلادنا of واسطة انظري
I went there to be public.
He said his peace and his colleagues believed that he would tell him from which he was told I told him I was myself and I am the development of the لبلدي program in Algeria.
Lee said his belief would not have him why his لا؟
" Lee said, I can't أعطيك things to كهذه
I told him سأقول you would take a حاسوبا and جبت I would want you to get your or her own هل
" I feel him if why why I didn't know it.
You see بلادنا and still know the physics of يحترق سيأتي on and أقاضيه
He went to a إسمه physician or "I say named his name I أعالج
جاءتني the idea of the program.
This was said to him him by Lee إتصل at الأمينة and قل I am her father, the البرنامج
It's decided to it.
دعني that means that it does not يعيرني
" Lee said that she should do so and should do so later that what was practical for his practical work, and what I wanted to أفعل
Lee سأقول said you do anything on a yeah holiday and are نتقاسم together.
I told him to do anything on a holiday called اتصل بي got a week بي، بي، said in the safety of God يا أخي bad سيئ
" The third physician مختص in العيون went on to have said of him يا عندي a program and led to ذلك saying that Lee was أنصحك؟ دع عنك this هل
I said him قلت؟ I دع and I saw this and, in my last book, I am really عني
I could do what I am a مجال you could make you a البرامج؟ if I was you ستفعلين
أدع عني No.
I تدعين this سنتجه to trade and do not exist.
أنك (or أنك لنقل is a مجال that is one of the أنت
It tells what it تقصد
I thought I تفعلين in my face.
media.
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
I had a degree in أعمل
Only this we tell the يقولون of a سيئة
I heard بالإعلام the first time when I was in the second year of the year.
It is known as not only الذكاء and does not require the final year of the year.
If you are أحببتها and I are in the final year and I have to have a good البكالوريا and have good signs in mathematics, physics, and science signs in mathematics and physics.
* الحمد if أحببتها and not لأحصل it is not able to get a degree and أذهب
I want this to talk to that.
I didn't want to الآلي
It's I was تريدين
Returning to his other دقيقة she decided to get what got it at the University of الجامعة
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
I said I had on the البكالوريا and when he saw the معدلي and أختار
If you اخترت the الآلي and Ant you do not hide it.
It was to be known as the البكالوريا and أعطوني paper الورقة which I can't أختارها and ووضعته in the first إختياري
Other أتعلم had not originally been the idea of being released for مثلا فقلت and الآلي computers and توكلت on God and الله on God
How you have an idea.
yeah because أختي was a تدرسها
I said I would hope that in the future we thought I would die in the future.
I want to look at management.
How in management management.
أشارك in competitions.
Where ؟هل competitions must be تمري it is also found to الشفاهية
There are الشهادة competitions based on the degree of الشهادة
There are إختبارات شفاهية and شفاهية
There is no longer مسابقات
They are still there, with special ؟ especially where they seek for the ليجروا المهندسين contest contest players.
...
No longer from the أنت؟ of where you know what it should do what to do ؟ما You am to do ؟ما You am سهل
A person can come to a يتظاهر telling them to do what I do not.
They come باختصاصيين in false الإختبار view إليك and know كذب or حقيقة
This is known as المهم هناك there are these things تعلمك these things are true.
They know these pages where they study.
The possibility of أن أعلم that is very difficult to exist and is much difficult to موجود
When the procession was تدخلين each one has a special connotation in dealing with it.
We point on a person in my mouth, متكبر and begin to begin in سؤالك which can be تفاجئي
A very easy plain.
This does not mean that it is easy to سهل
It is not less that the سهل، is يخيفني
إختبارا was a member of the المعاهد المعاهد until أدرس
As we say that the National Institute of State has an important national ساحة
ذهبت صعدت، جاءتني a لتجري Lee الإحتبار الشفاهي
أتعلمين ماذا؟ does not know what is الأوراكل
How ... command .
I told God تبارك God told him to her surprise, told her to me himself and told him her زهير
Lee said how you said we had told him as تشائين
According to what I know and I am أكره I thought to know what it knew know what I know about.
How it is not known .
I said I had fond أجيد إستعمال and كذا
" Lee said Lee said.
I said she أمور for كهذه not only because God is said to be شاء God is said impossible to مستحيل
...
She said you do.
إعطيني an idea of عندك
Any idea of any idea.
The فحسب side is not أدري
Lee said that نحب people were كلاسيكيا for a manned بدلة
It مثقفة
It is found that it is not a مثقفة
She said she had a good أم on the right appearance of her appearance as well.
She brought the لنا to أخذته and I am أنتظر to Ali علي
But the major الكبرى are البدلة
These are Algeria, أتعلمين workers and how they are involved in sections receiving المتشابهين all of which are all و in one section of one department.
His يعطونه wants what he want to أفعل what I want to do.
When he يتعب the فيها، of why this comes out when it loves it, when he loves him.
This is the idea that a star is also يلبس
But I decided to do something of it.
An بدلة cruise and قميص are white and ربطة blue and أذهب to موبيليس
You ought to take up a position to work, who will take the job to work out, and to not give the chance to develop it.
This is impossible impossible because because it is not بك
I would, however, I decided to do something from here and أذهب to Canada in 1993.
Canada is very easy to say that I is married or متزوجا in the future.
It is not a متزوجا
If they are a direct pupil of her mother متزوجة they are married to a hundred percent بالمئة
and why why why I and why why I and why why I and why why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why I and why
Thus because they يحبون that يتكاثروا and not يحبون we say if nobody came to be associated with one of the عندنا فتختلط سلالتنا and تختفي تختفي
Much of France, however, is the الفرق difference between France and Canada.
...
France sent you a visa and Canada sent you to send a call for the التأشيرة and the call for the الدعوة
A visa is but a عندما when Ant goes and find you to look for أنت who do everything every thing.
As an example of a أنت لنقل you now live alone with a living in the place and مررت so that the place said I had a family of قلت and it was also a نقول "I could تجدي غداء
It can be well possible to تجديه it and could not be جيد it could not do anything if this is متوقف فهمت
But the قريب and و you have يا أنت أنت غدا if you are سيحضر you are good if you are physically من you are so impossible to get your العدس
Also, the call to Canada if you sent you are a الدعوة كوني of something a measure of time, a measure of اليوم and تبدئين
As a consequence, in بمفردك housing is married to صغيرا and a small صغيرا if you have a طفلان يعطونك one of the largest and most important nest in the بلدي and اعمل is very المهم
تذهبين يا سوسن
أذهب yeah
تذهبين بمفردك
أحصل to a pair and أذهب why do not أذهب
In الله God يا
In the safety of God (and بلدي if Algeria is gone from رأسي the رأسي will not never return to life in my life.
I see what I did not سأبقى here since that.
Not not the same since the case of the condition in which the situation طرحتها اثنان two either France and either فرنسا have the opportunity to أعمل it in بلدي and وجدت is found here I have the مستقبل but I have no future in بلدي why I have no future properties.
We do not say that the minimum مكاتيب and رزقه all but the أنظري إحتمال will not have this good المستقبل the future is a good thing or not, but things in the بلدنا and will not تجديها there is a ما
...
religion.
There is nothing.
I never حلاوة Algeria and Christmas Day.
It does not go to the thing that we come from between يديك
In 1999, there is no person and no person is in the evening at the time of Morocco no one is going to wait and wait for it.
...
You don't know that there is no reason for تذهبين when he is going to eat and eat only to eat her, but you eat only one أنت to eat and stop no one does not.
If the person is متمسكا what would be in others other ما
I don't know a بدينه but there is another thing and another thing is الحلاوة there must be several مناسبات on the بلدك
What I can not live away from the أمي
This is now done there is no person in the lower الدنيا
I am all things that we need to go to and to أمي this is said to be impossible to هنا
There is another thing if you do not live in the بلدك and تتعبين you do not want to تتعبي
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
This last year out of people had ماستار who wanted to work in one of the oldest schools in the city entered the city and entered the work where the first month had eight million on
...
I am said to say that the رائع of this السيد السيد دفع and ended this work to the work and went to this work.
I don't think when أجد is مستقبلا here in the سأبقى
رشيدة رشيدة You Beautiful come on أسرعي We ننتظرك
There is a number of تلاميذك to have a يتزوج
(The يا come on أطفال
For example, أنت أنت a come on system of هنا You تعالى
تفضلي سيدتي
No one is أولادي for a picture of the image.
This مجنونة
I don't think تركني as their own أعمل
I بأس سآخذ image معهم
مهلا مهلا no worry on matters of problems.
This is بتسعين
رشيدة لك is a رائعا of Italy and one of the most يوجد of France in the world.
الجزائري Algeria No الصنع
أعطيك Algeria خذي خذي
It is سعره
This implies a thousand thousand people.
These بكم Lee and لي
These ERR recovered and twenty thousand books.
...
When تأخذينهم يا رشيدة رشيدة
Lou I أختك لأعطيتني إياهم vision.
أعطيك عينيي معهم
دع لزوجتك لزوجتك
...
ضعهم at كيس
This school is not سوقا
If he أمسكت to the عملك he performed the عملك and is performed above the عملك
معذرة يا لن will not be again أعيدها
The حيلة is ما سيدتي
(The صدقيني will not أعيدها the last time.
نهار a very beautiful introduction.
Water water will not be يتأخر
تعبت of storage is آه
يونس You wish night.
I Am and I later moves with him.
Neither you have a سلاح
عندي and عندي this عندي
He said that you would do the previous and تقذف of police بالحجارة
It is the second and best attempt to أرحمه
To the cemetery he sent to the Congress.
فتاة is يا and so المسكين is المسكين
There are suspected cast ماء
...
The morning of يا
We don't know بنا and بنا
These were خذي and ضعيها in school school.
No أضعها
توقفي، تمسكينها or not.
La La لا
تضعينها at the school أم
Not children do not have.
La La لا
سيارة، أحضرو her car car.
ابتعد ابتعد
إبنتي إبنتي دعني order.
The presence of a bomb does not exist.
No matter is إبنتي
أعلم do not سيدتي
دعني is thus done as did them well.
There is any religion that allows for بالظلم
It إنتهى it يا سيدتي
إذهبي لتستريحي يا إذهبي إذهبي
We ought to هويتك
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
This is a police section.
...
...
The physician did nothing do.
I never heard yet.
At the police by police.
لازلت تنتظرين اذهبي and استريحي .
The رب is يا this whole is رب
I said she would leave the work behind.
...
إهدئي إهدئي
أمي أمي
Here it will come لتراك
سيدتي لتراك لتراك
لدينا لدينا لدينا one مئزر
I am free.
معذرة أخي from فضلك
خذي سيدتي إلبسي المئزر هنا here.
نذهب I am نذهب where I can ابنتي
I رشيدة I am تقلقي I am not تقلقي
" Lee أشيري Ali بما علي ابنتي
The تفكري does not hide the مكانا piece of آمنا
The come on and أذهب are thought to be أرجع before the night is يحل
The next are fed into the inside.
He is a member of the village of هل in the peace format.
غدا refers to the market as a أستأجر ليحرسانا
* God believes that يهديك يا ابنتي
Here nobody knows a قصتك
... The نبقى here ...
In this case سيشكون
نبقى on the ياسمينة only ياسمينة
of this day.
Since a month they are قاطنة
There is nothing يخفى
This is a woman like a رائحة
اسمعي عطرك fallen منك
أفزعتني
أجن will أذهب where where you can located.
بلادي and مهاجرة
It fell slightly from the air to the مرعوبة of fear of fear of the fear of قليلا
خائفة became a الظل
I am خائفة I am خائفة
شجرة tree التين
If I can't my my life أمامها my life.
توجد a tree was located in the تعطر الحي
I was أقابلها until أنام
أبوك married for a second time in the House of هجرت and نسيت a tree التين
The young مرحلة did not have a أكن
People do not يرحمون
He tried to ask a كالظل but people did not تدعني and شأني
It was absolute and an absolute بنت
I never تحك to me.
If the قصصت همومي is a book of the book.
Lou قصصت همومي للجبال Lee answer
تعالى بك Ali بك
أرني أمسكتك أمسكتك
إهدأ يا حسان
See مختار number finds in his hand on hand.
مختار that يزعج a girl الفتاة
يا دعني فيه فيه
إستعذ يا يا حسان
يا مختار ابتعد ابتعد
I am أحببت or كرهت I سأتزوج
The soul, at the next time was أقطعك and إربا
يا قلبه is derived from the family to do so.
... the beating ... why it failed.
ما يا يا
مختار is only found in this district in this area.
This مجنون come on come on
أهلا ياسمين How حالك مرحبا Bey
Do 32, editor.
However the يا مريضة ابنتي
خالتي عائشة must function one of the بينكم
...
They did not all have my life and I أعمل
The work is not يخيفني
There is nothing that there are السبع on the السبع of the السبع
You said of me to Lee أخرجي
يا derived from the لدغته the features of the bone.
The government said that they had heard on terrorism not only remains يبق
بلادنا the العجائب and الغرائب
This took the coins all coins.
All of the compilers are تجعلني أحلم يا
The حلمك must be يا meaning ولدي
The only free sight in this country is the country's المجاني
It is ألبس يا
ملابس ملابس
When the physician goes to Algiers in Algeria, some clothing الملابس
أرني
It is not أريده
I don't want him to take what happened to me.
This said I have يا يا
She tells her a man as a man.
Man will not تجديه
رجال اختطفوا Dean of religion and مسيحيين
Until these did not have يسلموا
Two and twenty were killed in two البليدة
It was مختبئا every الحقد and الكره
These changes, however, did not like a رحمة
Such expeditions did not occur in the history of all human history.
I want to أصرخ
إحذري يا الحقد يأتي يأتي
I am seeing only I wanted to think أعيش
It paid the price غاليا
There were people who were killed many of their families.
How أسكت and و every day, there are blood and أحزان
She died and children to want him to make الغضب his الغضب
سامحي
لمن لي؟ I am not what they are able to أعفو
The dead if they were able to العفو
I Am I can't أعفو
مشيئة God
And God بريء from this الظلم
This is done by a human الإنسان
We have culture and الكره
This means never يتوقف and may never ضاع the future of أولادنا
أدخلو أسرعوا أسرعوا
أدخلي to the بيتكم فتاة a night حل
These views the hands of the تخرج a تخرج
This كلاشنكوف
خيرة the weapon became a weapon source.
Le أنكم تبحثون
غدا Is سأعاقبكم
أهلكتنا الشيخوخة and كبرنا اشتقت للأولاد
إنهم areas are libraries.
خذ This سيحفظك
النساء الجان and Spanish women are النساء
It remains a تزأر like the الأسد
The brown الأسد only أمي يا
In my my father my father
In television it does not say Algeria is true of peace.
The country with جيدا well and تعيشون is well referred to as well as the بيضاء
The country in which the الظلم and poverty sections are closed to the black سوداء
أعطوني أسماءكم
سليم ، ، بن يوسف
You married متزوجة
Neither not after not yet not yet changed.
why I don't know الحجاب
...
The physician is best from the ربي which we make we الحجاب
ربي غفور رحيم
الله and شديد faith العقاب
It is forced to commit over يعصيه
It is not always تكترثي
On the idea of what is اسمك
رشيدة
You have a new هنا
مرحبا Bey
ربي creating us the لنتكلم
From Algeria I wanted to go to this الخالي
Pupils here did the study of the study.
The study does not يستحقون one جميلة and a calm مثلك
When أبدأ
قسمك valid تفضلي
morning of humanity.
Lou تشتكي منكم المعلمة
اسمي رشيدة
Whatever there wants to be the يطرح
prefer prefer prefer تفضل
You Algeria from Algeria and Algeria.
How learning
Everyone knows everybody
تشتري can be هاتفا with money in those money people.
I am لست and لست
It has come to have come since it.
I have تأزمت my own إنهض
إنهض إنهض
This ظلم this والله will not be تريدون
You لسانك long أنت
The shoes did not الثمن
We ought to compute بك
جارتنا دعتنا لزواج 1977.
نذهب قليلا (ed.
In the way he also did not تعجبك
No good لا
هناك there is يا what is يا
مزيف يا يا will نموت
I said you did not return to Algiers alone.
The تخافوا will not نهرب of them not تخافوا
يا يا رشيدة رشيدة does not تخافي
أسرع يا fastest أسرع
مهلا مهلا مهلا
I am free.
افتقدتك frequently افتقدتك
why the BBC did this بي
It is not radioactive.
* come on لي and نتحدث Lee (2002).
السحر is that sea water is water.
If all Algiers must bring it out to magic and sea بماء
Taylor has started بدأت
The time that they take to take place in order to عندك the دقيقة
I want to know that I know my لماذا I really are.
I thought that I had this الهم
You have no other أحبك
When he is أنظري
You have other أحبك and no want to أفقدك
I wanted to think it أعيش
ابق on the الوادي is the foot of the أنزلهم
تعال see إلي
...
Everything on what I يرام You محظوظ
The wound itself in the رأسي
I fear nothing.
All the lower and why we يا يا are ابنتي وأنا and I ألست
...
نلتقي six months later نلتقي
It was called for all thing
If you do, you do the physician do.
أعطاني للصبر للصبر
If you have many patience
The district has become the most other and governing one.
This يتربص
In the fifth round, he joined the بالمتمردين
سفيان اختطفوه
They say that innocent people had by those of the people.
I الآن now know it.
When we were going to say the عندنا came to the end.
No one is a beautiful in heart في
...
Each one goes to the داره which is now not نحتاجكم
No امرأة امرأة is the fear of creating a طبيعة
How not until الشجاعة to الشجاعة from the طبيعة
I can't say or not أنت that I should experience when the most important بنزعها
...
Their names ،إياكم and الأسماء were said to have told them all of them يحفظ and خذ and خذ did not.
This matter tells the question of this form ستتركينهم
So to the يكتبوا Lee history.
Here the new name is to the name here of history.
أكتب here will not directly سيكتبون
من from the 8th to 9 was only a quarter of أعود
غدا Wednesday do تدرسين
No French ندرس
Out of the eight hours only quarter of the hour was إلا
If ستعوض the sides.
Thursday on Thursday ستذهب
How أدخل music
Like why it is.
...
come on Beck has started come on
yeah فهمت
For أضحكتني كثيرا
How it is very long.
Large large كبيرة
Not big I think that her daughter, her younger daughter in the المتوسط was certified or high school entered the last year.
It looks into the الخمسينات that in the 1950s.
Around the 1950s about the 1950s begins.
yeah Rod.
It is possible to attend the next week.
yeah تعالي
" " Lee then says that the faith of when she comes directly when she was immediately told her love and her mother said after a few sessions.
You ارتبت
This is the way the way is الطريق
صدقيني didn't أذهب
جيد Le لأنك Books.
The I explicitly do not know the قصد
I was مشغولة with those المتربصة
You see you have a chance to do so.
I also وجدتها to حجة
غدا سأمر يا يا
If it was the تحتاجك in order to مستعجل it was جاءت
He asks the right to see and whether these girls were married.
I لأني I and I رجعت and I بشدة and I بشدة and I were interested in بينهن and لهن
To make I stand out the subject was going out that they had and had little النية
لكنهن أفسدن command .
صدقيني La تخافي
Even if I wanted to speak from his يوصلونها
أتتني the phenomenon seems well as well as سأقول I am غدا
...
"On how what it is.
around العريس
تقولين pp.
I say I when I got why I did.
If this form was this form.
How this.
أقصد if other أقسمت are كذبا
أقسمت،
الزهرة that Venus does not know learning yet.
yeah and yeah are said to have no other unaware of the بعريس
Otherwise, it did not have never completed.
yeah it is possible to yeah
It is only important to be learned and alternatively learned that it will be able to answer this person.
و You رأيته
رأيته رأيته by من
A beautiful أم
On the hand, one is beautiful form.
أجمل of that time.
سأخرج you are all العيوب
It يا all this هذا
They must be on to the bottom of the yeah and will receive the top girls how not أختبره بك or do not لا
How this man appears to be.
No أعرف
I أعد nothing for his name love in the town.
It is not contrary to love, but love with no الرجولة has no value value.
But man was man.
أقصد for لعيشتهم such as foreign الأجانب
The position where his family placed his family and did not يسببه
حسنا سآتيك برجل such as صواش
I have no other صرت
yeah
, عيبا
How how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how
I said you don't know a عيبا
God God Publishing.
It was not less so, but in the past it was not to be written in هذه
This is the story that now occurs.
...
بالتأكيد story.
تعرفين Sarah
I don't know my family أعرف
yeah Sarah تذكرتها
I fear nothing.
When I was صغيرة she was تبدو but she was apparently great in that time.
They were apparently viewed as body الجسم like رؤى
في but in the body is either or a little أسمن
إحتمال it is true that it is المهم but it is important that it appears أسمن out of what it is always تلبس the العالي of the higher عليا if only the a little عليا
It is almost me me me me me me me me it is just how it is.
She was married to a farm once and only twenty days ago and she ended on 7 November 2011.
Before الأضحى
I married my تماما
This is the life lower in it.
It writes that أسامح love it only to anyone who does not أسمح to anyone who can affect it, but it بالعكس I who needs to be أهزمه and أتنازل and أتنازل though they are not love to حقي لأكسبهم
But there are no people like this to be twice and I are أكره
He is the best and most important and is the human best because there is no easier for الإساءة to do أليس as well as it is not easy to control human أعصابه and does not seek to الإساءة
I couldn't remember someone someone يدعوك and You do not تطيقينه and I can't kill my صدقيني
They are sometimes تكلمني as well.
I thought I فعلتها even I don't know why I did not.
إحتمال
It was not equally صدقيني but the كأنها was تستهزأ
Not not want to do not want to get a فهمت
They may not have nothing to do something and God have no immunity.
حسبها God
She was told in one of the very few times that she was تأمر and she did not say you had to do anything like my الزبون I الزبون I with the الزبون
I said she had a lump of return to the man and his به
" Lee said I would never marry it.
He is the يعقل of the القلم
There are no معقولة
In فيما when the office is فارغا you can and see me to me.
Neither it is not that they do not exist.
I said she would never marry her (as much as she was تزعجك
...
This was تخلصنا out.
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
It is not here studying it.
schooling.
أعانك God on لسانه
No أمرا at first is a psychological من
It tells what we ought to say.
I must get it, and I think I can feel my hope of my أمل
The إجبارا is not باليد
ذهبت
صدقيني it is not exactly where it was long.
جوربي المسكين which is no يصلح
It is that in a يرثى situation.
There is no good أشتريه
He is a large الله in a state of يرثى
I want to أشتري
We ought to حذاء
Because it has no one thing.
I also مثلك والله
All problem here here.
I think that you do something يعجبني
They concluded that the next week, for new things, أذهب and أسأل
I do not أعلم but I do something of him.
You see when anyone in the city have been المدينة
ذهبت أنت
yeah عرفتها
In one المتاجر there can have a white حذاء such as which you have a white مثل
You see some pieces.
explicitly أصبحت is الثياب and there is no غالية for four hundred hundred hundred hundred species.
... رائع رائع
It was not بمقاسك
I also know about my face.
The White الذي was a cool in Sir Sir السير
I think, when he اشتريته
أرأيت who is responsible for the Italian presence of هناك and is not a أمامه ملتصق
" Lee
It is important to be present.
اشتريها from there are اشتريها
yeah
Though they had not أر
The black and there were only a white الأسود
yeah true
I thought white أجمل
واحدة and أر were لم
It is not radioactive.
Not ...
They have one أعرف
There are no exist.
I thought I had to my face.
I want to أشتري معطفا and أعجبني to one of them who I wanted to معطفا
I have earned the contract for one decade.
A fantastic is one of the fantastic تلك
There have been five wonderful colors.
It is very expensive and بتسع hundred years old.
There are nine hundred and 50 هل
But the fantastic رائعة does not exist.
The Black جربت came only small الصغيرة only there are no significant مقاسات
The winter is scheduled to be one of the biggest كبير مقاسها
When he جربتها over his face.
Soon I wanted to say that we do something do something do it.
It's You بدينة You normal feet.
يسرى and لن would not like the previous في
What I thought of what they had يسرى
She has become a very close friend and when she is said to do something like she is so الآن
A. لكن and A.
Sometimes أجمع money and أذهب are أحيانا of Turkey and أعود
Today it is a المحلات who is significant and significant باهظة
Alice behind this scene, which it's behind the بنكنا
yeah
There are محلان for selling الثياب
yeah
There are one of them selling very expensive at باهظة حذاء four of the 100 مئة
I entered the المعاطف
For a red أحدهم a red اللون it was the black and black الأسود said that I had told me بكم and thirty other short ones like أعطاني لأجربه came on a highly قياسي بدا رائعا
إلى from the top vented to the أسفل
خمسون and خمسون only fifty and other short stories orbiting the مقاسي and 20 القصير
Long and بتسعمئة are long لابأس
But the أمين أمين are كأنه and not have a قبعة
...
There is an White يا
In the following المعاطف they are created by the brilliant رائعة
رائعة
fantastic جد it holds an audience that she once every time she بشكل
Sometimes الانسان الانسان
God cannot want something to make something something alone.
I also have short رائعة
The carpet of God is when the money is on
I collect the قالوا alone as God سيعرضون in the next week.
At least winter are cold and البرد
It is true for approximately five and accurate minutes دقيقة
I am at least two hours old.
I got it in my هاتفي
I have a لأجلي when I تأتين me on your own.
send send send send send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending sending send sending send sending send sending send sending send sending send sending
This good.
أرأيت where he reached الغباء
I think that this does send no hand.
No what I know of the sound were الصوت
Up to human الذي which score فهمتي
When I had heard nothing of it.
No record of record nothing.
God and God are not all فيهم
أقول أحيانا أحيانا sometimes say أعود للبسيط
مازلت تحبين mobile phones
When a الانسان is متفرغا
I don't know البتة القول
و You بخردواتك
إسمعي La تهينيهم
They range to the time of the الهاتف telephone itself بنفسه
Now I say he says and she ended.
They speak two hours earlier, what day there and البارحة speak free works.
I know I know and God تعبت
أتركك تنامين
Not no sleep was تعبت another week in the entire week and أنت أنت
I am تؤلمني
yeah really did a doctor
This is now not very أعلم to him either in terms of مسبقا
This is not أعلم
No matter does not inform this person.
Not have رقمه
I have no رويت you have to know it.
The man is a who كلمني behind it.
Lee أذهب to the أعصاب a أعصاب
They أكيد you believe that the pressure and يسألك are of simple things, if they are well required to take the تحاليلا
Even he went to a good doctor يطلب that runs to تحاليلا
I was sometimes when he felt by his killer felt a بها
فهمتك implies that it has a relationship to the بالأعصاب
It also يا
Any left mother is أم
The right is not تنمل since more than .
They must be تذهبي
The سأرى and ask them came when he goes on to find insights on the السبت
يأخذها where they يأخذها
يأخذها Univ.
If he is able to take me to me.
Known a known man he had said that Lee إذهبي a dairy milk, and the مدحه me that the evil was never أسمع so he never went to him and went on to him on.
Ben مهيدي
I don't went on to the other because Ben مهيدي starts on 10 and I am in the wheel and people abroad in the الخارج
" I said that Lee was a great إنسان in the bin مهيدي told me that he was a رائع man not there of is his best.
بنمهيدي إختصاصي Dennis.
yeah إختصاصي Dennis.
مختص in the cranial أشعة
I don't want to hear the blade.
There is no problem problem.
تابعي only the faith of the إيمان
This since the seventh and the half of the people were awaiting بالأسفل and said that they were fighting الخارج
Lee إصعدي said that higher women have a lot of women فوجدت
I want to get him to what he was سأقول
إحكي him
You believe that you do not come to you.
كثر lice عندنا
Lee قالت said there is one شعرها and a white of السيبان
I said she had fond بأمها or أبيها
For example, one week or more were denied ترد
When he said, he يا a girl of this girl not written on the القسم section.
" Lee said I had told him فلانة
He argues that it was يعرفه as her father and نزلنا came as the father of كنا and the المعلمة المعلمة
I يا him I wanted you to say you انني my mind how we انني and God I am my منك
She has a standing You like أختي
I initially had to be a girl unaware of La لا
She says him سأقول you would like my أني
I have a permanent فحسب
I قالت يا لكن but must not feel a ابنتك
I say how this has that.
He said he felt that I felt my ابنتك
I had seeing her father, "I all of the الأدوية
له said that the drug has written about this in the newspaper of the الجريدة
There is also a مفيد woman who is useful for her mother in شعرها and قصوه her mother mother.
She said that باليد would ما so that the infection is not تنقل for children to do so as many as her favorite week that تفرده and play به
According to أنظر Lee الأطفال الأطفال يا أنظري what is a highly high كعبا
I said that I had تمزق and their own الخاص were أعلم or not.
Sometimes I think you are separated from the conditions.
رفعت and أخرجتها have said رفعت to السبورة إليها very high and very high السبورة
I said her thinking ... Sir Sir به
" Lee yeah سيدتي
She said that the next time if he would not أنزعه you would not die in my pocket.
Lee said that her father is لخالتها
It is possible to have no لديها
This is not a big role.
Not لبسته and even it appears to appear long.
لبسته
I lay legally and no one comes to the and المئزر it is the عندنا system.
" Lee said I سأقول you would have done all of his إ but I am أعلم and I am never studying نا
According to يا أدخلني أدخلني
I said if I was happy and I wanted the owner not to support his support.
Lee I know that I too much languages.
" Lee said that he أعمله and فكري if you do not know that she is not known to be buried in face or sleep.
" Lee maintains the pressure of the يكفيني
Had the ترين she came a love when her husband and her husband were the moment تهرب and المدير she would not move up the أحد
She then gets the flag of the flag where he is located.
Lee أرأيت يا المكر المكر
If they try to escape and third and third الربع when they try to escape their status.
I say you stayed the Cup of tea there in the cuisine that they will تشربي
I say you can not take it even to sleep.
لماذا why it had إشتهيته
إذهبي alone يا the موجود
قولي يا تعشيتم عند at the خالتك or do not لا
No longer نتعشى
If قهوة alone alone
نور was a little يا عمتي
قليلا
He is a تخصص
He majored in law in law.
The أعتقدت Act is not mentioned only for it.
It is not يدرسه at the University of La يدرسه
He studied at the night.
These are in daylight days.
Law good law.
يدرسه in عنابة
He began studying نهارا in October 2012.
I want to do this.
...
yeah true
I am the end of December 13, that he روعة
Four hours are يدرسون
دعه filling time time.
They are to the أفواج
He is likes to study two days in a week.
By the time of his parents.
يدرس date in the evening.
How he has the idea that recording in this institute is true.
ما اذن اذن what I سيفعله
قصدي recorded in تخصصين
This too الآخر
As he had the most certifications as the best private work in سيحتاجهم work would be شاء
Princess التي and Princess of that taught معي
But to have at least الثانوية البكالوريا points shall be كشف
Wiley, University Press.
La La لا
How تفعلين
تدرسين ليلا
Not all متشابهون are not all كلهم depending on the subject.
At the University of Wisconsin–Madison in تخصصك
Neither الله
حسب who تريدين the recording of the به
...
There have been all visitors throughout and two days earlier.
Finally, if you treat weeks or two days now فهمت
I want to record the التسجيل
أقصد stated that they had said at the University of ندرسه second in the second year to mean that the specialization was سأختاره with it as they had سأختاره
تماما
You think that you had learned and think at the same time you wanted to go on top of one degree.
But if three times as many as three times as many as تغيبت days of days there are no medical مزاح
I also want this to do.
للغداء is sometimes educated and يذهب is the واقف and goes because it does not have much time over a second period of 10.
He study at age 8.
Sometimes he is the third and three half النصف the other were the الفوج
فيفري February لأنهم because they are لنا
I said she would have said that Lee did not face a variant of a variable to this you never تتعرفين
صدقيني not جسمه جسمه بخير not جريحا
I said that she had said.
I never had to do something just like my خطيرا
بقينا ننتظر
If you came when أمي البارحة and أخبرتنا did not go so to go too long.
أنتم تعلمون Since البارحة
yeah نعلم Since البارحة
But I did not want to do, however, I did not want to say.
This مسكينة problem a problem to a problem.
This gets the amount of God at what God is حيلة
هاتفك was given a لأمك
yeah ذاك that .
When Lee has told it impossible to me.
I said she could not have a few days of marriage.
I never أعطها
Lee did not like لازال عندك
I am أستعمل هاتفين
I remember if I was you're كنت to بك on my موبليس and أجده
I fear that the phone is little معطل
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
مللت on the other hand, اعتدت
اعتدت civilization
Up to something we know much difficult ...
I said that she was نامت
رأسي رأسي are often not أنم
I also feel in a يرثى يرثى I love and I want sleep.
When I'm out a متعبة (0) I want sleep.
You don't know that sleep is يصيبني sometimes يصيبني
I أدري
good good.
If لوحدكم لوحدكم
We hates it, صعدت and رؤى as رؤى and رؤى
This is a good جيد
Since the time was لوحدنا
أحسبكم بمفردكم خفت من of الغول
La La لا
If معكم معكم فضيلة
This, do not enter the الطريقة you do not.
You have and I know about قدميك
كعادتهم came to the when he felt the بألم I felt استطيع but in the "Harry لابأس
They مزعجون however, at the office of أختبئ at the office of أختبئ at الزوايا until they يراني without one to one of them يراني
أزعجوني little
...
بخير
How the day is اليوم
Today I was in the University of الجامعة
Any hour went on.
It was on 15 September 2003.
I سأقول I am sometimes أخلط as a أخلط
and N.S.
The بعدي came around one day.
Do Do هي
When they تجدينها they have a belief in my faith and their جزيلا
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
They have a few ستفهم and a تضحك
I do not know what is still عندك
really really really really really really did.
why he did not start in the computer not in the computer.
Lee seems to وضعته but when he جئت his father did not أجده
The last record is on أتيتك
true أذكره
They had two لكني you sent you and the second were required.
أخطأت if أخطأت
لكن instead of the list went on to be المفروض
It does not not do so.
There is also two also Alice When the list is تجدينه first هو
No single is the last single سجلته
This true me seems to first الأول
نزعته
yeah and second have no single single and no single card does not أستطيع but the card does not want to be أسجل
Like the previous previous time, it was not told that the message would be free until it was نزعت
If امتلأت
I had no big مساحة but I had recorded more than this I had been recorded as before.
If an audio صوتي is not تمسحيها how the صوتي is well أم
مضحك
مضحك
أتعلمين وجهي جاف
This night does not want to المجيء
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
...
How this.
I said you would can't leave the التنقل
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
For heard very ...
It failed to do this, but it is not something تعالي
When I said I was told that the computer was تعبت he completed him.
I am seeing in this location.
In the morning they fail to fail more يبكين
لماذا they called them called them اتصل
He called them that they said I am آت when he reached him with a living he was from his خلفها
, now حاله
أمي said the face of a variable متغير
Whatever God and what God is بسلام
Not only مخطوفا or مخابرات are in order to work for his work.
why it works is how what it works is working on.
Lee أمي is said to work in the state.
ed., no.
عبدو heard the poetry, telling those who يفكون messages that come from their things.
No matter how his work about.
He has a portfolio of the الشرائح
" نور said that it is to represent accounts with friends and about.
It does not have any problem if the other two people are إخوته you are not.
However, meaning that the يختطف person is three days that it is أمرا
The first thing this may be ذاكرته but this is not completely possible.
But يجدونه
How loss ذاكرته
Sometimes ينسون every thing is تحدث
It could be caused by him.
If it is the reality of the الشرطة police الشرطة
This probability is one of the other.
The second probability of his own intelligence appears to be خطيرون
It is possible to به
We now do not نعلم we just series).
... And ...
By the time of his work.
تغيب and به every this is تغيب
It can have heard something and أمسكوه not to see him.
صدقيني etc., not أعلم
They are now نار an هل هو or do not نار
It's come to them in my face.
This if said they said it was lost.
spoke them with it.
هويتكلم and يضحك but never speak to this command and never speak it.
Whatever God خالتك مسكينة مسكينة
His wife أخذوها to the Martin.
Lee said that she is pregnant with a role.
She was pregnant in the seventh month.
This is not يعقل to him that the work of this work is المليء
The next time the next day, يختطفوه يأخذون or أولاده was seen as seen in films of the next year.
The بخير and he had been working because the day was bought some of the original objects on the 11th century, bringing them from those route.
I personally became very King.
His uncle بابن is an author with him in the state said where he goes back to him, so he does not know that you do not know the day or at the الغد
This also does not know his friend and his friend also رآه out of بعيد not know what he was.
When he was ذاهبا he was رحل important that he appeared in this very كل
الله الله
When he was first يفهمون he laid his attention to the whole of Algiers in the whole of his life.
On المشافي and everything all.
The journal can also be يكتبوها
They have their respective place in each location.
They speak very few الخطف each location in the middle تخطف of the city centre.
yeah
I still say أقول أقول that the bridge does not mean that it is not always a man that is now a الطرق alternative approach to human own.
true true
As a example, they speak about a person with a car تحميل from ships and يأخذونهم ليبيعوهم ليبيعوهم on the way eight cars said they would أشبعوه and ربطوه and رموه took the experiment by هربوا
A new car.
) of the people were يركبون heavier than يركبون
A pair also came when ليأخذها أوقفه sent people in the Nile and أنزلوه which are بالسيوف to one of them and إلا except for them لينجو and نادية have remained two weeks apart from the الصدمة
See لأبسط things صدقيني that this was a time صعبا
It is a أمامهم
When they تصعد in a car accident, even when they are going to be able to فتحها
...
...
also as well.
I never shows that I happened.
It is now that there is something that there are something long.
We thought that خالتك would تثير
It is that in the gravitational balance it is يكون
...
He was ذاهبة when she was a ذاهبة and became a ذاهبة
I am خالتي Fatima and Fatima Fatima Fatima
But by she intended to go on to her خالتك
And when أمك
No learning
At the end of that week.
يا يا the faith one سأرى
Having a تكلمت when تكلمت with أمك he was unable to have and she was in that case that she was never تقول
They feel in a يرثى condition.
It is believed to do something كهذا
I thought that I was كابوسا
It is the third day of the state.
It would be the third day and the fourth fact to be the fourth الحقيقة but the truth is not clear there is ستفهم
They kill him alone يكلمونه and the يمازحونه never يتطرقون the للموضوع
She told her him with him, and his speech and his speech would ask if I remained in a مختص
Do عذبوه
There is no trace effects at the end of the لها a أمي is with no or no جريح،
It can be in the interior of the outside.
At least يأتيك
And the face of a variable done done in what has something happened.
... To do something ...
صدقيني La أعلم
All I will make it possible for a يختطف man and three days يعود
It is called اتصل a mobile phone اتصل
Lee seems to be a نقال that called بإخوته and the أبناء of his uncle went out.
They were not involved in and not part.
I fear nothing.
I have very خفت
مابك؟ We نشاهد فلما
...
شاء God
I are now معهم with them ؟
...
why I don't remain عند
إرتاح eds.
They remain or يذهب؟
I said لها: remain يا
انتظرت is often on the 29th side شريحة a special star, and the بي الخاصة of the couple's free خالتي
هل is an open star chip.
I felt it had since happened to one when my father died.
أن that the خالتي group of سيلتقون are ؟
I think that they are aware of that.
But you will not يذهبوا؟
attend and أمي there are ؟
In كهذه the presence of someone is not to one.
إحتمال if there was no words.
I think they are aware of they are few others.
Lee seems to be the cause of the Lee الحكة
It is خوخة whether فاطمة؟
It cannot be moved away.
Since when it has been العملية؟
To transport about a week.
If the wound is يشف
They have not become much أنسى
أنت
frequently frequently frequently time.
It has a drug للنسيان
It is ؟
تعالي عندي ، الآن؟ الآن؟
صدقيني باليد what حيلة you have no لست
I even I had to you do, however.
تعاليا بمفردكم تعاليا an opportunity to لنمضي the end of a good week, and سيان here or there are أفهمت؟
شاء God
On the idea he confirmed a العقاري with الأستاذ، and أنت when he تفرغين his an example of his منزل a house or she meant all the conditions.
There is no problem problem.
Like the الكفيفة، in the evening on the face of زكي بخصوص it made in Tunisia and winter, that the إتصلت would direct peace and عليكم
" He said شمام how we told him how he told him and الحمد his لله
He said, "I said I would remember the أم I did not.
" Lee said I was not تتشجعي
I said he had on the idea of أرأيتها that had been تظهرعلى
" Lee is said to lay a مثلها and a protective yourself with schizophrenia.
You Do What You هل
There is nothing.
You Do What You هل
There is no work only there.
تعبت is very common.
km الساعة؟
5.
10 entirely.
" Lee seems the time.
Possibly the growth of the growth may be developed.
No matter قلت؟
I feel you can تنامي؟
No not La لا
I like الكفيفة أتعلمين and المرآة المرآة
This الصوت؟
He is the voice of the recording التسجيل، now فقط؟
One you are بخير
To لنقل the day the day and the لكني day were really لنقل
You am أحوالك؟
تعرفين did not new ...
How it is a لولو،
You تعرفينها
ستنامون 1914.
I am يسرا and at the top, they are in الصالون
* Do شاهدت صواش لي Lee
The علم hit the science that is from his sister IV.
If a day is ممتعة
He believed that he wanted to kill أخاه
حراسة placed on a ياسمين، I think that it will go into a غدا
If you are سيأخذها
yeah went home to his house.
The episode is broadcast on Friday الجمعة
If جئت عندنا you're أشاهده
No سأشاهده
No not La لا
أصنع you تلفازا إذا!
تدبري أمرك
This is بالذات I don't have to say.
I want to do, but this can أفعل
I fear when أمي
ستبقى طويلا؟
By conditions.
The young one would be only a الفتى
شاء is the God of God and أرى
He has a يثير يثير
باليد the حيلة
أرأيت كيف؟
غدا باكرا باكرا
In any وقت؟
The bus on the الثامنة is سأستقل
تعالي You and فضيلة لنخرج and نتجول
...
Do كعكا، Do لك؟
أحضري لنمرر time.
She was on her side and her own فأثارت
Humans must be مؤمنا to be بالقدر
We ought to move the air force.
I also occur in الروتين أذكر that the last Friday take an intense Friday and such Friday too فسيئة
very very very very جدا
أي وضعتم in الكعك؟
It is now sold by بالميزان
تكلموا little
It is how we ought to question it.
Whatever the نقول؟
تكتبها no longer تكتبها
يا it يا
بشكل work.
finally الحمد and finally لله
I complete it, not complete the دعيه
I wanted to go on to meet the day and found that I wanted to marry them.
Lee توقف؟ seems not one of the Declaration of أبدا
It is not a تحفظها
تعالي
إنتهى command إشتغلت
has a telephone card.
إيمان that it the fantastic is.
She did not conceive when I was a painter here or لا؟
تشبهين أسماء
French Speech أراجع
You تدرسين or تلتقطين الصور؟ تشبهين صديقتي سميحة
Here تشبهين نوارة، كأنك نعسانة
لازلت بهذه؟ بهذه؟
حذفتها from the الجوال، did not شكلي
These إلتقطتها in العرس
These are before موته، أخرجه مليك and هنا
We نشبه some other بعضنا
come on نلعب
I want to do something something مزعجا
Her the thing at حذائي is I'm I'm when she was a سروالا
The العربية on the المفاتيح
By extension, one قصيرة؟ and one قصيرة؟
I have one black surface.
I had discovered that I had أرتديها
لمن
...
...
شاهدت المسلسل؟ It's حدث؟
heard this الأغنية؟
, .
Eleven one eleven years.
...
نلعب الدومينو
I don't want to say.
I thought when I طلبتي me I wanted to go on a mobile طريق
A story story is a person who takes his mother and married his mother and تزوج
مابك توقفي! توقفي!
We ought to ينام
We نشاهد the island room throughout the day day.
I feel what you are.
سأخرجها now سأخرجها
keyboard keyboard and خاصتك
I am free.
* Such نلعب اللعبة
رؤى أحضري Lee is a piece of قطن
هاهو cotton
شكرا and شكرا have found لقد found in it.
...
He hates it, where I am سأذهب where I am أكاد you do not.
...
ممتعة and سنمضي أياما
I am not تشفقين on the afternoon and I am not happy after I am not really أموري
(This is about to tell when اتصل a man اتصل
فاشترينا and فقط only رجعنا
اليوم معي Day and عودي غدا
I بك؟ I never يعجبني the day off.
...
In a days before that, in the days it was يشترون people were bread to a certain extent that they were now يرمونه
This crisis أجبرنا on استهلاكنا
...
How how I سأفعل the bread was made more أغلى
The exact question is the رخيصا؟
The exact غالي and و but when a for a two or four days.
How the bread is فقط؟
I say you يا no longer تعجبني at all.
I will now see it.
come on I have written or otherwise هاته
Neither not قصدت nor برجلك
إسمع يا my father my my father does not mean that تحتقرني
I إقرأ what is written on.
Do This ؟هل line.
إسمع does not bring صوتك أمامي، فهمت I am أبوك I am و
علجية حضري belt
This is known as the ! الحزام
yeah that know ...
Once سأهرب my father، صدقني صدقني صدقني will not تجدني
You تهرب؟ You تهرب بمجرد once I had died of للقدر as a عشر
He directed the القلم أخرج القلم
I now لآكل only as لآكل and أعود to study on 3 study.
I said you didn't والدك
I also had سأكبر and أصير the father of إبني suffered a few يعاني
No إكبرفقط and افعل are شئت
أدب ! ! is a lack of science of science.
But this is not a والدتك، error as the لي we know that we are a small صغير
If I don't want to make the difference they أكتب!!
إنتظر little I do not know speech.
(The sleep.
نم and سترى How سأصفعك
In the case of a بك
أكتب يا (born ولد
إعدل لسانك You also يا the sky blue السماء
هل a يوما black يوما
أكتب يا (born ولد
لن أنت أنت أنت بي، أقول You You شيئا، قوم لسانك and خطي
أكتب does not consider him to when I say you am writing and تسكت
* علجية أحضري will ask when I say you أكتب the sky has blue السماء and تسكت and عندما (when I say the sky moon تكتبها and تسكت
أهذا line line.
القط best.
أهذا خط؟
I يا how we want to be خطي، how we want to fall on the line from the sky.
The storage of the package is only about for it.
These الجملة، either تعجبك the أيضا؟
If it was بيدي it would not do what we know you بالتربية
حقا؟
أقسم بالله do not do you بالتربية
I أقول
According to ماذا I said that the Lee أمي this الصباح، as told me in my الصباح، Lee said, I would not know what I did.
Lee إلبسي what I did not تعجبينني
Not not not so.
yeah would never be one of its own.
Two versions of the series are أتعلمين and صغارا
Today the university only celebrated the سيموت Day and the خله Day يقتله in الفايسبوك and in الانترنات A Tale of Only صواش
speak only about the series المسلسل
A new series premiered on it.
He said that you are a new series of أبوظبي
It is, however, known as جميلة but his best جميلة
ستقتلني اليوم day.
For money
If they are يبثونه about half and half are ساعة
The number of rings and اضربيه in the إثنين، are أحسبي to transport 100 and fifty حلقة
مشاهدته started out of the episode الثمانون
والله يا أسمعه is the يتكلم speak of the series سيموت and is today سيموت
No يخاف
يجيد
It is the best known منك
When the لقطة is تضيع the task starts.
عشرة ten in mathematics and ten in the language received ten languages.
good good.
In technological education.
It does not happen.
لماذا يا فضيلة؟ فضيلة؟
The last year he said that Lee is always told on the way that he wants to take his child in another department, I كنت I is always the father of the child and I is the father of the child that he is the father of the child الطفل
No تعرفينه؟
He did not get to him and ... said that he taught and then did not enjoy what he did not.
من
Has no a new pupil ، the new pupil said that he would take the boy to do something there.
She acknowledged للتي and was only a سأكتبها
It is completely سأعدله after that.
إنتظري morning.
لنر possibly found nothing يصلح
It does not appear on.
Lee I seems to سأكتبه
In the past the last time.
He is one of the كتبته وقلت Lee أكتبه
yeah from the الأحسن that أكتبه was بنفسي
If an أحذفه؟
yeah إحذفيه
المسكينة this is not a teacher if it is.
of this day.
The line does not get the إثنين from the إثنين
No one is a beautiful cause.
The line points not beyond , Alice and يا
Published 10 أعطتني 10.
In the !
How that the line did not أفهم
The line is an الكتابة writing on eight of eight months.
How ذلك؟
No full point is on writing in writing.
There are exercises given to the تتعلمي
Extensive is not a black or white ،
Black and white بيضاء
تعرفت on المرأة؟
They say they leave, أنظري and يقولون in which thirty seconds of ثلاثين
Later, the الحائط and ارمشي، were drawn into the سترين wall of her complete face of her mother.
جربتها
* الله God and الرحيم and الرحيم
The other is the film ذا
Here it is إسمها
why we consider your destiny to reason.
He went صديقي؟
The ها
تدرسين now تدرسين
I am أدرس in the library
نوال لتدرس لتدرس
yeah Thus تكتبين
It was then turned into Arabic for at least two years.
So he said نسجل I and Sarah Simon.
This must be done every day and تسجلين and لا when he تسجلين
Do تسمعه الأستاذة؟
He even knows that we did not write his mind as one and his أرسلناه
2 hours of dialogue are asked for dialogue and منا
For many words words to the many words.
تكلمي and أعيدي
He now had about كاترين
"Public صارحيه
come on come on is found there for Peru.
All males have said to be even كنتم in normal المقهى،
We are at home to the house.
The أهل العروس the العروس العروس and the كنتي العروس
خاطت her فساتينأ لتلبسهم
He was went to Canada and went to Canada.
Her ears and جهزت were later جهزت and I said she would never marry here there.
She has a couple of she سنتين، a couple of دون without them being a house here, between their mother and أختها as do people all all of all.
The airport is at the airport that is consumed at all.
No one I went to France and her لها room in which he الأفرشة
He tells them to this حرام I أبوكم
Neither I did not.
They were كالحيوانات
It has no taxonomic سنه
come on إشرحوا Lee (1991).
تسجلين and حديثا حديثا and تكتبينه then تعيدين the بالفصحى
The program does not say that it is a أنت
The computation is not فحسب
فهمت
...
ستسجلين this أيضا؟
أنتم للأكل؟ للأكل؟
إحذف No.
Do That is, it is a كلمتني؟
لهم: said that never أركم
نظرت them
To مرواني it is at the share of the أقول we have no تتذكريني
...
يا إلهي never أكلمها
She attended eight الثامنة
Day is on 10 September.
I attended eight الثامنة
لازلت مواظبة
And when he إذا؟
أعد أعد
صحيح! if they are found by يعوضك؟
خرجت؟ him and خرجت؟
حسنا did so now ستأتين to study study.
I did not have heard only day long.
جئت late جئت
"The لي on his own نفسه
أبدأوا بالحديث
Le رأيتي …
إنتظري إحذفي this إنتظري
No one does not hear a الحديث of this class.
She recovered a few and 2,500 ثلاثون appear in the 20th century.
This is أنظري from the الدرس
There are no الشيب يغطى and بالصبغة
France inhabit the French ،
why it came to هنا؟
That is even receiving it, at باجي
For student طالبة student طالبة
This topic is important to have been مهم because it is newly درسوه
went to بيتها؟
فتى and وجدك جاء came as a : : لا
تغيب Day.
قالتها Thus .
" Lee said that it's لي
I never أدرس and I feel nothing.
حدثني عنها عمك
The same الميلاد
It was found that there was another عياشي
إرفع صوتك
It is important that it must be نسمع even we write writing.
ذبحت in العيد؟
قطعت
It was not until his death.
You feel very clear you are party to it.
Young children are the leading children.
It is not exactly تعالي days.
The المنزل
...
أخرجت everything بيدي
you you do not تعرفي
أقلبتها again and نظفتها
This in which much of that.
You Do جاد ؟ يختبرون for this women.
" Li is said to see if it is known as that or not.
We ought to be جيدا
تغسلينه بالمبيض
All layer and تغسلينها water.
He was in his بهدوء
الصبر requires فحسب
I all هذا؟ You have done شاطر
" brothers آخرون؟ آخرون؟
وحيد was born.
تضعين tube is تضعين
It is not لي
قطعناه the next day.
There are some البديهية البديهية from not attached to it.
At any age of تتزوجون؟ أنتم تصلون
I never أره
بالدم لتنظيف Sur الملطخ بالدم
أنظف الثلاجة
تجلس and تعتدل when he divorced as a مائدة
I loved the work of my محددا، not knowing the أتجول
ينادونك each location is sometimes إنزلي to the bottom of the الأسفل
For me.
It's فعلتم I don't know it.
خرجنا of the prayer.
This يشرب قهوته
I Am الإنترنت
الكبش at the park.
إربطه and اذبحه There are إربطه هناك
سأعود to the mosque
He concludes that he was يبطل after the الظهر
You can have three days of تستطيع as they can be quite third on the third day.
أخت a pair of خالتي did not return to the second time.
لماذا؟ did not find her ؟
We ought to يخدكوك
...
On the first day of the first day, it could not be neither يضحي
سمعتها just سمعتها
When a large family is يذبحون
I am very تعبت
It is once that it reaches the الآذان and the المائدة is about the table.
Before it was نأكل the head and the head of the parties ننفخه then the opening of the الأطراف would be placed from the جلده
أنتم and نحن نحن each one is one of the head رأسه
أتعبني frequently أتعبني
If تذبح you're only once, they will never الصلاة
uncertain.
From the يذبح they must stay with a أسبوعا as in the الحج
No يستحم
The يختنق of the الرائحة even want to wait to escape the choice.
المسكين tries to talk , telling you a psychological and physical سأذبح when she is fighting a معلقا
وقت should not at a time otherwise will feel فوضى
It is also shown in the بيتك few ... ...
We ought to ، بنفسك and أكمليها in the same time not تكتبي
You can remember their بالفكرة لست that we take the integers to the integers word.
The تصوري with each of this is not confined to the good point.
La تذهب، دع السيارة
أتكأ
...
أحضره to the house.
أتحدث from the mobile computer.
شكرا جزيلا
I suppose you are ظننت
He died near the family أمها
أمي smaller than أمي
He left أطفالا؟
One child, ليتهم were three or four children, leaving baby children.
He spent all age in Italy at the age of Italy.
his صغير؟
منذ has been a car since three months of فكسرت
It is not what it is يكتشفوا and it is said to be a إنفجر
He entered the Thursday on Thursday and died on Friday رحمه
why we know about نوال؟
تعملون سويا
There are تفقدني تفقدني every thing
كنت؟ where they كنت؟
أعمل from two months on قوتي
تتخاصم with each girl does not تعجبها
شعرها long, short and بدينة
تتمرن
It is once a network of أرضا
Friday, went on to عرس أحيته a band عيساوة and مغنيات
*George أعد I أستطيع
Over the top, everything is منظما
In any قاعة؟
Do رقصت؟
come on La تسكتوا
Do تمرنتي؟
No longer أذهبب
إشتروا Lee حذاء
غدا، أخبريني يا سارة where you are located.
أدرس
In any ساعة؟
eighth
He was إذهب and Lee a علبة
...
The Tower Tower.
It is not known for its best ،
He and أعد the other علبة
...
It's تسمع everything every nothing.
It starts at the hours of this fall.
On seven and other الثامنة
It went نبيلة with تامر؟
When Dr. الطبيب
بي is about 2 or one third.
Lee said that she ستأتي
I said I would never marry it.
أين؟
Her mother, with أمي had died for a budget of وردة for the increased وردة
But the البارصا team scored a goal of Messi that is not an مثيل
His father came and the mathematical الرياضي
I don't know to أسجل، that أتكلم is not even wearing و
Everything all.
تعبرون when it begins on the ؟
We don't نفهم
An opportunity is when he did not أسجل a telephone connection.
This No.
I remember when you find a تامر
تلزمني dialect عنابية
other فحسب
They thought that you would do, without a فاحش
To anyone speak to one before the grand الشارة
I were not أتكلم
إذهبي and ابحثي are responsible for someone studying بالدارجة
...
Two hours later, the first two hours were تاريخ
...
في
She told me me to me me to فيه
She is now the exercise that they attract their friends and what they ستفعلون
These days فحسب and تتوقفون a half in the beginning of the year.
He left that he did not want to marry him.
للحظ was not here and why I are.
من للمبيت with أمي
عمك حفيظ
لوحدهم
هل more people came to the people.
See تامر
How سأكتبها
... We have lost my قلنا
He holds much like نورالدين and he escaped to it.
He said that I had to do that.
من
That day is جئت
km age ابنته
Four or five years.
يحبها like ابنته
...
يشترون and باهظة باهظة
أيقظيني غدا
... عندنا did not come from the fact that we did not come away.
منزلكم كبير
I died when I began بالصراخ
What I do so.
...
Before a car
... There is people
أين، km was معدلك
eight 10.
2007)* بجدية Press.
Around 14 عشر
on on a شرف
She got two times one in my life.
أجهز you قرصا
I last لترى to do so.
بطنه
It's تبكي
عندي gives you with a serious form.
It is now a رحمه رحمه
This made them specifically for للغناء
يحضرون of China يحضرون
ذكرتني بطه بطه
... It has about الساعة
km of three million km².
زرقاء
إفتح الباب
exist.
She is a great teacher of the science of science.
, .
أمسكه You live
why we ضربته why we are.
Note that it had a good point on the point of why it was a good point لتعطيك
صفعك until استدار وجهك
الشاحن has brought it in the حقيبتي in غرفتي and come on
أنهيت had before come Ant in any room.
seven seven
The تتنقلون room to the room, is always referred to as a هكذا
He studied well but at the second table with a girl with a girl الفتاة
She accepted the national team.
تلعبون against other teams.
In the past, I was the best منك
سأرى إذا if you are found to you in my الغد
I am سيكتب
The food is then left first الطعام
When it will الامتحانات
أنتم or we are.
We are eligible to attend each week.
غير
How I do something within a night.
أسكتي
Do أمورك
أرأيت
Once I went نوال and group when the results were نحصل
رمضان
This Best No.
They predicted that it was ten days later.
If they do not return to the التسجيل register for سيشهد
In winter the couple أختي
سأبقى calm I does not know أحدا
New Happy University Press.
سأرقص and أرقص
سأقول هنا هنا here.
On the idea of not never تكلميها the club was sometimes أكلم
Not تسمعيها from the post of the period.
البارحة only فهمت
When it is يروي it is يروي when it is يعطس
What I do it at the bottom of the rains to do at the outside.
I want to think a لآكل هل a wire هل
أشاهد a رائع film in المطعم
We ought to avoid this year.
بالملاعق بالملاعق
سأخرج خارجا
She married نوال
It is a newly used إشتراه on the phone and يتفاخر
I will not simply call what they عندك
come on أجب How حالك
How حالك مررت I had جئت I had جئت
إنزع يدك
ألو yeah where You It's ستفعل
أكملوا حديثكم How قضيتم night.
أكل has a study and study
Then he discarded.
I said ...
The تخيلي and أبكي are تخيلي يقول يقول يا يا
The عيناي opened a عيناي and closed فمي
" Lee حسنا أغلقي and افتحي فمك
أحسست only بأجهزته
We ought to ليستخرجها
After that nothing did nothing nothing.
He then began blood and ينزف
It uses يدخله يدخله and يخرجه
I was a condition of a أرهم
إحداهن شفتي شفتي
الآخرون and their proponents of the player are seeing more me stronger than it.
I see them
He entered and ended on the end of it.
I said I would never see and never see it.
أكيد said that he would enter a الضرس
I see ضمادة and told me well.
نظرت him فوجدته writes الوصفة
Lee said the second part of the first.
تبا etc.
He finished it as a انتهى
تخلصت and تخلصت
البارحة آلمني when the الخيط is الخيط
It is totally مفتوحة
It puts something what then يقص
آلمك
But there are دقيقتين or less unusual التحمل endurance التحمل
إليك line.
من of speech.
You سئمت ؟ فماذا نفعل نحن؟
The journalist became أصبحت
It is a الأسنان story and flour
come on of this now come on
It received ten or ten year الماضي؟
That year no one had no one rate.
When he was Professor of عند
All section secured signs of متدنية
He was only one of the obtained rates.
yeah أذكر no.
We are الفتاة؟ where they are الفتاة؟
أذكر
You have said that you can have a عشر
I also حفظت how نرسمهم
اجتهدت frequently اجتهدت
To be even smaller than the other الطاولة
أحضرت paper a المحاولة and تذكرت
When Lee had got his top point of تفاجئت
تصوري Professor صديقي
" Lee أحسنت
I remember that ، أجوبتها and هي are It".
He told them a ورقتها
كدت فرحا فرحا
المسكين معها 2.
And they have to do الامتحانات
لمن
It is not.
I think that بستيك
...
I think it will be بعدهم
We also are.
All people all people.
She said تحدثوا with مسلاتي
We are directly said after تنهون
It is adopted.
When they are directly الامتحانات
قلنا I am at least إمنحنا
This ينزل a ينزل
It is now true in Peace السلم
This good.
"Are بخير إذا؟
I never أدرس and now belong to the city.
I decided to do so, however, I decided to go to the city of لأنجز
You also أنت
They go to the city or back to the city.
Instead of قراري the disc will not be the stars.
Because of this رددتني the disc is مرتين
A beautiful beautiful جميل
عادي
When to the city is أصل Ali Ali أصل
حسنا with safety safety.
The other أمي saw less cost costs.
المهم is important to me.
الحلويات
I all read it, and then all divorced.
It did, however, in الأكياس
But the أمي are somewhat نوعا
المحارم even نطويها the form of حتما
لوحدكم
I am أمينة
I said you have been 2 hours long.
تستوجب assistance.
You believe you are going to take days.
I was told to the center of the email on the الانترنات
ظننت was a أشهر of أدفع three months later in the last 24 months of psychological قالت
Lee said that the new year must be تدفعي six months must تدفعي
Lee said that the problem should تحلي
أنتم if you want to choose a wireless eye to يعطونكم معدلا جديدا؟
What is, if you are common in a view that you do not consider you if you are a common عرض
أرأيته؟
yeah أعرفه
خائفة؟
No سيسألونك
No يأتوا
تأخدين معدل
why I did not تحضري
He was not directed by باكرا
In the clinic he went on to find a doctor out lost.
Lee and his companions said at حماتك
He did, however, that he returned to أعادت and Lee Lee II.
She insisted that she had الغداء
She الكسكس
...
inside.
البارحة the wife of her son is نظفت
زوجة wife of the جمال
It soon decided to command it to be necessary.
أتعلمين went on to الخياطة and أرتني some of her will.
really really really really really really did.
This was not until the eyes of his mother.
Others, the الفيتات they wish
Lee still said it was one other after him.
" Lee Ali was said on his last day.
The History of اليوم؟
7th
If is near قريب
If we assume that بي and أرى are to connect .
Lee really really جميل
حدثتها on the أمي؟
She said that you are from here and from here to that.
I feel that from the الحرير، to الحرير، the good لي
She said she had Mecca.
Any واحدة؟
He made her hair from Mecca.
How أخاطتها
Not بعد after that.
ستخيطها نصيرة
Since the time it has been تخطها
On their day, they belong to her family.
She says she says you do not تلمسيها until آتي and I say how we تخيطينها
الطبيبة كتابة writing the الوصفة
yeah returned
It is later يا when those powers see open and open their source.
The drug is brought out.
It is not open source.
It was now closed جئت
The خالتي family did not يأتوا؟
Neither I did not.
Chest pain تتصل
إتصلت
...
لك said you have gone to the analysis of the mind.
In the good تحاليل
They get لتسأل if they went to a doctor or do not.
The أمك is derived from the المفروض it is لإجراء
ألبسه and القبعة
I said she had not got because the family had a مسعودة family.
She is a ستذهب at ربيعة الله
The بي and Lee said that the لي is on the day when it خالتك
نرسل when جدتي if جدتي are born.
سأبيت they are سأبيت
yeah later yeah
نرسل her أخي يأخذها to إلى
The yeah later comes together and the نمر are once إلينا
Telephone النقال عندها؟
...
No longer how تذكرته
And she did not take me.
Just like يسمينة says you do not claims to have heard the telephone with all وحداتي يستهلك
قولي I had no like my my father
It is involved that his child is part.
إتصل Ali his الكباش؟
I said لك؟
نزعت شريحتك from هاتفك النقال
The evening سأضع you شريحتك
هي؟ where they هي؟
related to them.
I fear they meet their rights.
It’s here here here here that.
It is dead that me.
It turns it so far the evening فحسب
وجدتها؟ where they وجدتها؟
وجدتها at an الدرج
That is, they walk like they are located.
It was shown in television a girl hit her فقطعوا
Instead of school he did not earn a chair of sports.
The truck is شاحنة with a truck and رجلها on the other.
تمزقت رجلها
...
شاهدتها You معنا البارحة
في
I stayed without a man.
The يارب always says تقول أرزقني is also the مثلي، even يحس بي
Once the people told يمرأمامها، said in ذهني he was also a رجله and told them if he came to sleep.
He always tells his إحداهن telling her العاقبة you always pass through our mind that they go back again.
After nine years there were تطل and تطل were again أخرى
She was in مكتبها، that he came to be جاء
He turned to مكتبها، and I married him.
research.
I never heard by never من
It is رأته
It remained in ذهنها
إجتمعوا was nine years later.
لخطبتها came and are now married to her.
She was pregnant in her eighth child.
But without working or nothing and have no سكن
...
Not they have a house house.
أخوها died during the Revolution.
Troy was taught at the Sorbonne.
سأظل and I واقفة I am سأظل
They lay a light man.
رجلي دما دما
... frequently suffered a time.
فقررت نزعها
I had no fewer لكم when I was born.
...
قسنطينة أخوها البارحة of قسنطينة
أحيت قضيتها
أجروا division and thing
The state took their land to their territory.
four ملايير ملايير
really really really really really really did.
For operation.
إخوانها Records
* لهم it and سيذهب everybody to sign it.
It is located at the ثمانمئة مليون million in 2000.
She said, her beauty and beauty give all one possible مليون million million.
They are what they see the سكنا
He said she had a سكن
Lee, it is not the King of the Government.
نبيلة and أذهب with نبيلة and تامر were مع
أكتبها on the name of the الهادي
...
How one ذلك؟ takes everything and the other is not getting it.
قسميهم now now الآن
A million million remain a hundred million speakers.
The brief تحضرون remain العشاء
It is free to increase what has and buy سكنا
We Dance.
This is for the oceans with a very large farm.
He owns that one with them is one.
No longer know that the جدهم was in my pocket.
It is possible that they are to be well.
It goes to the municipality of فيقولون in this area.
For يوزعوا الميراث
when?
In قسنطينة or عنابة؟
No أعرف
فعالة
غدا ستذهب لتعيد تفعيلها
كي when بكم بكم is بكم
إثنا ten minutes.
سننتهي Soon
wife of the جمال found there for the first time.
...
Outside with their mother خرجت
سيلتقون
No what I went تشتري with their mother mother.
...
ألاقيك here
She said I go back to the house.
Do أم or لا؟
I am لأحصل her مرضية
لازالت Univ.
لازال all measures in all group المقاييس
I fear at نصيرة
They receive عليك
You don't know you a little قليلا
; أكره this speech.
...
There are no current exist.
also تشائين
If شئت and أذهب are معك معك are جدتي
* المشكل، where you do not here are.
No عليك
They are gone to the cemetery on the second day.
On the safety of God
I am not هو
If إتصلي بجدتي هاتفها
The money did not نعطها
بها and اتصلي بأخي
Lynx is النقال
This جدتي
On the BBC الخاص
الصيدلية open
He is strongly thought to do human يفعل
His mother came and later أخوه
Little came little than الجيران
وجدتهم يغسلونها
دفنوها with صلاة المغرب
When he is done, it sounds a يغسلنها
adequate enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough to him.
لحماك happened such as what happened to the final days of eating.
Nevertheless, God was at the age of بقية
That was آلمتني by الأقراص،
The special الخاص asked to لي by Lee by نشرته
I had never أشرب
When ،لم ،لم is ،لم
Sara found that she cause الإسهال الإسهال
I said سأعود
The my uncle family was here, so far as only a خرجوا
سألت العافية العافية
On the safety of God
Overall, it was no longer effective.
It is a new مادامت
أحضري degree of تسجيل
أخذتها from there are أخذتها
ذاهبة لأستحم
رأسي
شربتها
لأوجاع لأوجاع
She later had a بها
I am إنتظري I am الحليب and الحليب
دعيني إذهبي and اكتبي little قليلا
سأتوضأ did not أصل
It was recorded by نفسك؟
...
مجنونة أنا، أتكلم وحدي
...
I want to think about my face.
He took a مالي
(The مالي، does we can't we work
من؟
سأنشأ مشروعا Another سأنشأ
نذهب and نشتري have a من
This market market .
eat الشعير
km from كبش تشترون؟
much time.
Ten seconds.
سأشتري twenty
The أبني and أبني are بيتا
I am I am when I تكبر I am صغيرا
أعطيك صوتك؟ صوتك؟
... I come to him that he went away.
سيبكي وائل
سأضعهم in الصالون or in الشرفة
أترك This سيبرحك ضربا
A very beautiful woman.
It is يسكن
France in France.
He was even تذهبون to فرنسا؟
times.
It is frequently held in العرس؟
They remained with the tournament in overseas areas.
يحسب يحسب
Most of the bread are brought from.
تشاجر (1997).
Erik العروس
When the العروس العروس was رقصت
خرجت and remained خارجا
مع and سفيان
رآك الهادي؟
It was not there, as يتمرن
تكلمي in the phone
Do ضغطت؟
تكلمي on the phone
I said you should be a telephone الهاتف
البارحة came as a value behind five and three ألفا، the value of a فحسب
It must نصلحه
I said that she made hard هاتفهم well.
حتى of speech.
* أحسن of the phone is sometimes هناك there are sometimes units and sometimes no وحدات
لكني does not know how we say that we are نسكن and نقدم there are no الشكاوي
His قديما is, when he was كنا we were كنا and الانترنات and الانترنات in his memory.
Like me I am in the city and أخلص everything in the city is السردوك
" Li مشكل signed the telephone into the center of كوش to the center of كوش
It is also if it is also 1.
It was the first to introduce the باكرا باكرا and the second half of the ten و
The following day, they are آتي عندك and نذهب إلى and إلى
When I was I am and I was married in تابعية
They are also psychological and other psychological الراحة
The الحكمة is in the development of the الطويلة clothes on the side of the spinal cord and the short medium.
* شاء God Ali
The radial body is from one side and other in the hands of the يدي
It comes أخي or أختي on this skin.
Other أستخدمه can sometimes be made to control the smaller أخي which features خفته and are smaller and السريعة fast and ينسى there are شركا in the surface.
The house is smaller than البقالة and other مشاوير like رح and تعال
Both have a common and color طعم
Everything in the حياتنا even if we too wanted to كنا it is too much and يبهرنا
In the late عشنا each event happens to occur in a story and a ألف story and a ألف novel.
I was a little and not appointed to know the البيت but I was love to love her الجيران and were published pockets of الجيران
I built a الجيران and I small and I were of happy origin.
تعجبني was already raised and completed.
The BBC before going to go and wait for her from the Egyptian عبدو
Nothing was near and the safety of the safety.
Despite the recent development of their two ideas and the السر though they were close to her أمها
We are going to bring the nearby streets.
It was the largest guard orchestra for what we نذهب and نلعب with أمي and نلعب
If I want to conquer the اخوتي اشتري كرتون and then أصطنع الطيبة and then the last night لأني they will not become a تصبح
He was often يحبها but from المؤسف he died after the سنه and he was cut by the الشارع
There is no sense and socially زمان and is not the physical الذي
He was بالعون
We نشعر and مع with their بساطة time we have to live in them.
Anything is now available and live together, however, نشعر and do not أدري what is why it is done.
I Am I am and I later publish a child, daughter and المشابك
The life of the Lee is now أمي، the great God of God is now يشفيها and يردها
on العافية on this topic.
لقد just afterwards.
She should learned that عربيتين and شاركتا are young, and the other are of Jordan in Jordan.
Many of the questions are أعرفهم by those who are أعرفهم
ألكسيس a نصر of أكس works on the dialect of Tunisian Justice.
People in this subject began to work in the subject because they were in North America.
The الكثير should have much and wanted organizing a symposium in Algeria around the dialect.
Private money for the بالب-ن-ر order to be قولكم
To 1918.
"The Tree of الخير
أعجبتني the idea of electronic messages , did not نفكر
الندوة الندوة does not exist.
أرى will أرى after returning with وأخبركم otherwise ننظمها in the عنابة and final season.
أتركك on the خير
I think that people present Algeria.
...
It does not بأس the Latin script and after that it must be نعاود
يعطيك العافية Kemal , "You has been interested in him.
"I see that people will remember that people are much كثيرا
نذهب to سنغافورا إدا تلحلحنا , go beyond farther to go back.
Also, at the previous time, we would publish in an important interest in مهمة
This is a good idea for رسائلك بالعامية
No matter how we got on my face.
If you have of now وصاعدا write بالعامية
بدأنا has a conversation across the السكايب who is ناجع and that God will come to God شاء
The idea of الندوة in Algeria was founded.
أود Le نتحدث
ابقى on خير
مساء
, died at the عودتك لنانسي هل citing that Lee invited to تربص his ؟
In instant messaging, it is optimized for تستعدنها to تستعدنها
He is used many French words not to say the يقول do but تاع
They went on to house from ساعاتين until the conference did not end until the conference ended.
Four hours on the computer until رأسي
I wanted to do, but for to be a variety of , a little and little sound is just from what they expected, during this night.
It is يتولى by the writing of the Arabic العربية
I first described it.
I am with كريمة in السكايب I believe the electric current is عنهم copies of عنهم
رسائلك I أكتبها
I is a list of بالسكرتاريا
I consent about the holiday not there but are generally الكلام
The morning of the كمال
The alternating is not اصلاح the electric current has been اصلاح since the night of البارحة
I say عانينا of his المهم important الناموس
I am تقلق about the كمال we have it عليه
The اللحظة even in the السياسة even in politics.
البارحة began writing the Arabic and Arabic رسائلك
أظن is that it must be written to be valid to be valid and وأنا
Also, I can feel the same thing with my صديقتي
Every day نتصل approximately ونتحدث hours of each day.
I don't want to think it to be عليها
Every day was البركة
They now let , سأتفقد to do not يحترق
أترككم on خير وعافية
It actually is actually the first time they تردين
أضحك each happens something بالعامية ولكن but is important that the share size has always decreased.
He sings التقيت acted as a طلبتي working on the الكلام of الكلام
They also work on vernacular العامية
They did not do something but have a better engineer in the world.
Soon I ought to my يفهموننا
In terms of its impressive بأطروحتك it is an ألقي and a writer on retail and المورفولوجية tools.
القوا on the نقل transfer system is on the الحروف
We can write the العامية
morning of humanity.
is a dialect of نويونس company in  on؟
I want to say anyone that they are, because they are enjoying high magic, and will not make them up.
كمال is من it can be possible to تمدنا أتترسبيتش
morning of humanity.
I never heard the lyrics in my life in my life.
I know المشوشة
To be تنظيف her code must be تنظيف and تقومون for the necessary treatment and each week.
They later created some of the ideas of the ببعض
I think I have later نتحدث
morning of humanity.
The الوشواشة is a الناموس أخبرتك by كمال كمال أنسيتها
اتفقنا to نوقف الدردشة Saturday والجمعة to نصلح Blog
We also can be in the same time by السكايب and بالترجمة الفصحى
This is the نتحصل of parallel to a parallel company.
An انهيت أنترسبيتش كمال describes the Ant release in Nancy or she remains in Lyon, ؟
أترككم on خير
Due to the أعمالي of the أعمالي
Peace عليكم
He was unable to تنسي when he moved to France, hoping to وقائع the position of the Conference on كمال
كمال I wanted to marry بالدعوة and want to want to do in action, learn that everything would require every thing
It's intact it is that you are starting to work on a given work that the previous time during the اجتماعنا is بكمال
It was كريمة if it was in the رسالتك that it was only one جملة
أترككم on خير
تسميه تسميه book or المحضر
ذكرني are next a next week.
I don't know what we know to know what he أعمل
A book deliberately developed a book until her own.
There is a من for بروسيدينغ and there are يسميها وقائعا
We must be نتفق when a similar word is found to be بالفرنسية or بالعربية because such words are not much more common in Algeria, ,إلا among people with higher level people.
Since أمضيت two hours have been painted on الأنترنت blog كلامنا which is كلام and also الاحترام as well as the المتبادل of المتبادل عدة of تناول
Their prosperity from the فايسبوك but that they also brought the environment as a بلهجة
Their ideas have brought لرابح vocals and درياسة
morning of humanity.
A good blog but must be restarted from new جديد
One single, منا is not because it is مليء
For example, this location in Wikipedia is about العامية
One such file was also sent to the العامية in which written words and Arabic are spoken in Arabic الفصحى التي فلربما
They held the look and أخبروني what they would نفعله
Many of his speech must only write the book.
I also had to have a Forum containing a few page صفحة يتكرر but no matter يهم
The Internet contains الأمثال vernacular and الى to the الأمثال found in this site.
Other people, like جزائرية are written on many such as وتحصلت
People are slightly involved in this المعجم
This المعجم shows us how our French words الكلمات
She was احذروا because it became a difficult translation and تفسد to us if Blue "
The blog gives كمال كمال but to be the act of كتابته يعطيك
, actually seems to be اعادة
I think the opinion began to become well نستطيع
Peace Peace
Murad , is a type of الافضل that we get to it.
It must be written as follows.
I think that we believe there is no doubt in the vernacular اذن my identity is not نكتبها
The same for للثاء is the same for والحروف
This only is seen as Murad to كي for the time in correction time.
The latter is thought that it must write الواو with a احنا احنا for this reason to be written.
نناقشها later شئتم
To سامحني the message was more than that of that time.
The find is to see God
يعطيك كريمة كريمة
In the morning the third and بكم are بتوقيت France بتوقيت
morning of humanity.
It would be brought on the second clock and متأكدا
مساء
The character is a file in which today اتفقنا
When he نلتقي on the ؟
How حالكم
No بأس
معذرة on delay in معذرة
An ordinary Algeria ...
the pots and the pots
La La the
I fear الأواني الأواني
If unusual إذا
1997.
" كمال هنا؟
But if not here is هنا
المهم قليلا little
بالعربية is بطيئ
It is the idea of an سألت on the announcement as the منك
Some معتادين were not published in September September.
yeah
However, this is the أخبارك؟
I am أتفاوض with the Sons of أختي to يساعدونني at ،
It is found in رمضان
" The assistance of these students must be هذه
Gravity is a step step in a step تبنى
طلبتنا كسلاء and قهرا
Many ways are similar to لجعلهم
تحفيزهم must be تحفيزهم
The معاملها unit preferred to التعويض
Algeria Algiers
They do not know the points and المعامل to find the أفكارا to نجذبهم
فقط must only be رأيت by example, رأيت and تورك
But the means نملك
(The ، أعطيتك typical only.
:"For the on a forum on a جزائرية page does not بأس
Few people require لكن but contain a few العمل
There are also الفايسبوك like كمال قال if كمال we feel too much به
لذي note 17).
We are not going to write in writing speech.
The ask them and I request conclude that it is close to the simplest ،
I also note an ملاحظة ملاحظة that you add like they forgot
It recently outsold the blocks الألف
But I don't write the نحاول we write close to our الفصحى
For the sake of Arab الفصحى
But in my الفصحى he writes the نحاول without a واو meaning we نحاول
يا أخي never أفهم
It was not after how we work ، but I أنا I became متأكد
It is هذه
I am لست of anything and الحمد
The God should شاء God to نتفق about the way of writing information.
The more الدارجة الدارجة المشكل in the ذهني
اعطني example.
تماما بصدد are completely writing French characters like I اتفقنا
This time and the لي shows that in سكايب it does not exist.
...
For this end, you are تتعقد
When the لذي is صعب the difficulty is وقوف
الأقل must be at least on the simple matters.
When IM ننهي should be تقرئي the text and things that show you تستحق of the study of Lee and the برسالة to كي
approved.
We ought to do مثلنا I wanted to tell searching for one of his opinions of a تدردش تدردش with him him.
Thus it is a مدونتين
Algeria and عنابة
...
At least اشياء
However, a unified writing must be used.
For that I tell your I shall always be proud of our own يقة
It is the basis of the الأساس
نبدأ بالأمور World".
The error now committed to ارتكبت
They must you you write my اللي in the place of tears.
We can وضع balls above the اللام this is not a خطأ but the اتفاقية
It must نتفق
تبني سليمة intact
Like Arabs who know they must be يتفقوا and do not يتفقون
لقد has found a solution to the French الحروف
كيف؟
The inclusion of private letters in ثم then versions and لصق
It wants to say when a group is نكون
yeah
This عقاب real
انت on the right to the right proper.
And I am hard to write in writing speech.
It is متأكدة that we can live in the السكايب
In سكايب there is no في
yeah
I sit أظن that we see including الكفاية،
I really am a computer from 10 and the half half.
I suppose you are بالعهد
Peace عليكم
The السلام and the peace claim that God would شاء God
However, in any وقت؟
The or والنصف were والنصف
They were half or 11th days.
yeah
There is a فرق difference either 10 and ten or ten days.
نتفق ended on the 11th century.
(The yeah may possibly be تغسل but not important.
We want to me me.
It is not so.
أعلم We نمزح only أعلم
تفعلها Lou I بمفردك
حسنا intact تصبحين on خير
You Here كريمة
yeah valid how حالك ؟
Until , I am connected to the متصلا
Until البارحة it was connected connected to it.
Then I تروين؟
The night is a hot, hot, hot الجزائر in Algeria.
Only there is only a خاص conversation and a beautiful fear of the البرودة
We are كمثل in the garden, looking for the subject of فيه
I never heard what I was كتبتم
We see We نستجلب and modern بصعوبة
You will send you what they call it.
These days later in Algeria and at the قالمة، of Algeria wherever the same thing شيئ changed the same ,
الاكتظاظ and تشعرين conclude that Algeria did not exceed 2 stars.
It is الصواب only التزاحم and الترافس
Murad did not after taking the holiday to the day.
They also did not related to the early ,
Then they are مكثت and they have not been an سوية سوية
ضجرت فذهبت the last news in Egypt because it was a conversation conversation on the island why the الإخوان
لا يا سليمة is also سليمة all of which is قلبي and the قلبي of God was معهم
I am interested in ليلا and نهارا
(This is all accused of with Egypt and its معهم
Peace مراد
In which he was به he was a coup coup or ثورة؟
The Hungarian الأركان
Of him, ضاعت did not leave the Fifth Revolution and 20th centuries, and the blood in which he died of the إنهم
Instead of whether Murad was on the الأنترنت or he read from the الأنترنت
ظاهريا is a الأنترنت but does not take place in the place of other place.
You am يا
I think it must be consumed through a meeting meeting.
also تشائين
Then اتصلي بنا
حسنا
He has assumed no أعلم
"The Tree of the الخير هل You مساء
أنت لله كريمة and أنت ؟
اليوم لله بخير اليوم قليلا little لأنني أصوم شوال
الله، Be does not تنسي الدعاء that.
Although God is شاء permission tells how you have a new هل
But in the late days, the البحر and حمام were covered by the السباحة and الصبر
They actually enter the ونتخلص school from the sea
Otherwise, أجن
كمال was a الأنترنت كان with معك pain.
La La لا
It is in the far day if it is not باهظة
The next is the God الله of يدري
Peace Murad أنت
Peace Peace
How حالك intact ؟
...
It is not subject to the subject.
وأنت Murad ؟
He was all of his entire time in الصمت
Murad do not know where it is هو
I am becoming a metal in أن الأواني and قلتها for the first day.
أظنك it is يطل by ويغيب
The day is a day in Egypt and the ؟ did not أشاهد today today in sleep sleep.
I didn't speak in the , not another الأخبار
Take an عثرتي on ؟
It was found a موقعا in a الشعبية interview and a الشعبية الشعبية will أعالجها
It requires little processing of treatment.
Whatever ؟
Murad أظنه He لينام
جزائري , suppose that Murad is not a very much كثيرا
It is part of the 11th century.
She really proposed 10 and half days.
I said I had had a rest.
That is, we have عاود contact with contact it.
good good.
* اعتذر عندي مع with a piece
معذور في in any subject of نتحدث
Written twice.
For example, in contact with the ؟
La La لا
When he began its run as a يتعطل
أظنه virus
أكيد you are what you do it.
1997.
Often, it is true that بتثبيت is without يدرك
In July 2000, 15 days and I report their own data watch الجنون to الجنون
We ought to recover
I want to know something about it, have a problem with a الفلاش، disk.
The problem is ما
When I أنقر it is to أتصفحه a letter when I can I want to اعادة
وصله tried to then leave the computer.
أظنه فيروسا
This letter appeared to have seen the اعادة or attempted to اعادة
In the computer model.
You Do متأكدة of I'm I'm intact and ؟
The virus tried يو-س-ب-فيكس tried يو-س-ب-فيكس
Do the other ايصاله بحاسوب
How أحصل on يو-س-ب-فيكس ؟
قم
Europeans think that سيضربون are doing well.
It did not أجرب
His writings to speak about Syria today were ؟
I had اذن before تعيد
...
Whatever it is important to نتحدث
This is the حديثا of Alice and سليمة
The newly لا but the أحدنا occur on the hard disk and the other over Syria becomes imminent.
This is not عامية
منوعات of الصمت is also intact and is valid ؟
صح this فصحى
"The أن We are the modern عن of الآلي
This is the subject of the subject.
Little is not difficult to French الفرنسية
The intact , was actually عن
What it is exactly نبين that the field of الآلي is much المفردات
The best known thing is on a private field.
Augustus was لابأس but not eleven ليلا
He also المثل
We must نسهر recording.
It is on this that Syria is a good topic of أنا I without request and أسهر
اذن تريدون change الموضوع
also تشاءون
أو or La ؟ is not what they are.
Murad أظنك La تحب
No , love it in the subjects to المواضيع
These have يا سليمة without being request
But ضير we can divide the code to موضوعين : الآلي and policy policy.
It was not until the Magna , and we were dissatisfied with Egypt and today on Syria and the day.
I think that after the fall, the regime was يسقط
It is difficult to tell this intact language.
First how يسقط ؟
خاصة if he ضربوه God gets a حصل he gets حصل
أقصد المجنون المجنون
He also played six months and later, with his جنرال with قتله he entered the كومندوز at a week.
بشار are well protected from Russia.
In ي it is buried in ي ي and kills ي in ي AD.
The land attack is a يضع response to the opposition not to supply the opposition and بالسلاح it ended in that China and Russia with the subject.
The issue of weapon is probably الكيمياوي مفتعلة as it occurred in Iraq as well.
زودوا the opposition بالسلاح ؟
You could do something and as they were said to have الخطوط
طبعا It's بالأطنان
Both I didn't have يزودوهم Murad
، the weapon has been أعطوا
I never heard it, just to me.
The shoes actually have fed it.
A little amount of weapon is not something يساوي
...
This method سيسوء is more سيسوء both has enough has enough to achieve.
Both كريمة and فرضوا were told for Israel to be the leader of the Islamic الثوار and captured them.
Murad ، argues that the problem was a ؟
لماذا argues that there is no mention of الدارجة يا learning that there is no mention of يا
يا نضع is the letter الذال
أقصد الدارجة
And we are not present in الدارجة
This requires حوارا but كلاما not writing the book.
If we have much لنتحدث
We ought to الذال
والحروف other.
ظ ض
No موافقة
This method is transformed into Arabic العربية
It is originally بالعربية
However, it is دارجة
It would be an Arab غصبا ؟
This is a zero when God is عنه
It is not a بالإرغام but بالحكمة
أحسنت intact بالحكمة
But not well أستوعب
And I say I I does.
We also do not.
However, Syria became دمارا
From that he was the head of state that he did not.
The دمارا is not only ،
In reality there is no يتقاتلون of أجله and fully دمّرت
See it is also إلى
الله is important to ensure that the يزيحوا is المهم and after that it is building طوبة
The conditions are not لحوال
In reality, they were also trying to on the Lebanese party as the loss of the Israelis did not end in the last War.
It is a lower writes and written واللام
This way all the word نُرجعها is العربي
For تفهمونني to consolidate the writing is not effective فعالة
We must meet the end for a divorce.
must كريمة
If you will not agree about writing until they are.
To make a look on this blog it is the on to the examples.
It was originally established in in 1997.
موافق 17).
We ought to التنقيط
جملتك سليمة intact
ضعي فاصلة after the word يتقاتلون
It's important to the title.
When the school will be ؟
* أنتم abolish هل ؟
Both 1994.
سنوقّع on Sunday Sunday سنوقّع
If مثلنا، again finishes they have four انتهت
، were actually until the المحافظ
I first say that we are at first and with الأضحى عيد
Now to begin ترديد words إقرأ إحفظ أكتب ، the والبقية
We are at a time of الامتحانات
One possibility is enabled to undergraduates that students two months only if they have been calculated for a year and are calculated والعيد
We are born in ماي every year at the end of the year للمناقشات
Not Murad
We don’t agree on the old order of Lisbon to study two or three more شهرين
أعاننا God وأعانهم
With a complete آلامدي system.
The آلامدي system is another قصة
Issues on the country are تسير
الليسانس became three years old.
There is no engineer.
الماجستير were تشويه
At in the declining level.
ضخم Ben بوزيد is a major list of الناجحين in the الباكالوريا
أدري does not أدري why level in the 1950s.
Although it is easy to further تحسينه
أين ثلاث three years later سيضعونهم the لغيرهم
The يامراد is easy because they are not.
It is not the يا البكالوريا
(The أناسا we know no relation with the study and the وحصلوا
It is not limited to the يا known as the مراد بل but they have to get everything on their own.
One of the years was the year 61.
The unemployment rate was خرافية in the البكالوريا
...
This occurs when policy is إقحام in the study of the study.
However, you are doing يسهل to be true when ترينهم at the University of بمستواهم المتدني
To ، little one, it becomes less a lower percentage.
The level level is not yet متدنيا
 on the الأصابع
They did not do so in the last last period, they have been abandoned during the دراستنا period until they were known on البكالوريا we كنا and وكنا خلال during the day.
The current minister منطقي some the thing is the دارس of the fine sciences.
It actually ، the science worth that it is worth أجله
The problem does not represent only the التلاميذ the problem in teachers who do not have any مستوى special معلمي
The primary is not حرج
It came where these arrests
تلاميذا has been كانو since they were at the University of London.
It learned that teachers provide a privacy privacy for the first year.
It is the basis for the students to acquire a good level when it يرتقون
I also Am مراد when he learned this to change.
الذين who يرسلون the first year of the year to pursue the themes of teachers are آباء هل
This is not أظن
Teachers does not exercise any ليشرحوا efforts للتلاميذ but the privacy of privacy has those who have to do well نقاط
The problem lies in the entire system.
corruption in each location.
In large and small و
# صحيح it must be يعاد the entire فيه and that there is a bit to يخافوا
It's intact كريمة in this enough enough ،
هدانا all of God all did.
The الله and the other حارسا must be يا يا police يا in each direction.
نص
موافق
، loss of بلدنا
شاء God will not يضيع
It dominated himself at the same time.
Had that each one is يقوم only one بالقليل
If a سعيدة is a lot.
...
تصبحون on the خير if God is شاء
First, the good مساء ماذا؟ there is electricity.
الحمد شعرت felt he سينقطع
Today I am لست I am not أظن I am much أظن
In the case of بك
The problem is not الصيام and the fifth problem was not استرح
This , I also استيقظت the باكرا and did not conceive but what they عسانا and what they go on to this الوتيرة
Today, the الذي is not something أعمله that everything on all is طبيعته
I am true on the day that neither thing، and I had to try to on his التعب
For this he told your father, I without my أسهر
فهمت what is now تقصدين
قرأت message كمال
They accepted before ألقيت ألقيت a view on the electronic بريدي
It has found a new idea.
The post of good mail should be منا such as كمال to يهتدي for this idea to الفكرة
We are true محظوظون with him.
Le that we first had the code as a strong code.
You محقة، كيلومترات ground.
Until electronic IM جيدة it has been found to be six hundred full جملة
We hates it, I even on my الفايسبوك and I بالدارجة
Thus we do nothing with something value.
We can also take over the النهارللدردشة when there is a متسع at the evening, it occurs in the evening, where the vacuum time is فراغ
If they are heard of these two or three per نصيب
Later, it must write a translation translation for sounds of intact approval.
It is dead during the day.
The بالتأكيد certainly had a entered Murad
مساء
مساء لابأس
"The Tree of Naples.
* بأس الحمد لله ، and انت How حالك؟
...
Time is an time طويل؟
Around one quarter hour.
It does not end almost in the same time.
...
انت suggested Murad مراد
By that point it was occupied by بكم؟ بكم؟
"On blog
تختارون sport or الطب؟
...
But there is a debate before the writing of writing is more than مستعجل
How we بالترجمة؟ and when؟ parallel in parallel المفروض
Best 17).
In fact, the نتفق must be about الكتابة، and المشكل with the code.
Whatever what we are.
Peace and سليمة، How حالك اليوم؟
الحمد لله، and You كريمة؟
الحمد لله every حال، how they are الأولاد؟
...
I have my me ...
I also تذكرت
...
الجمل even have been مرتبة but not مشكلا
They are later true in their case.
نرتب
...
The order is easier to الترجمة
A true plain true true
...
No matter is رأيك
Not no idea is لذي
اليوم did not send the العامية letter a vernacular message.
Neither I did not.
كمال are related to the إن
It is also true for that to يحفزنا
* Only a few days later, when he see Professor الأستاذ
To gives a good point.
I think that Murad نائم
ربما، that are not much يسهر
...
أذهب went on to France on 11 الحادي
This is a good you you you can be.
The لكني reported that البنات children had fond ذهبن and psychiatric كلهن
This أمرصعب but on God لربما other أخريات
Be شاء to God, God سمع
There is also no تخافي
true يوم All day.
There is a lot of speech.
Sega شديد
Here the غائم
Hence and the date.
...
I bought my أجبت before I had أسأل
I think that the idea of direct translation is to good الترجمة
I also أعجبتني
حبذا if not all do not affect size.
الله God is important to ensure that we are in every الأحوال
This is true true
There was a ceremony in the الحي، of the الفرقة
اذن انتم ترقصون frequently
Not we only نستمع
The simulator is even a رقصة
شكرا كريمة
The إذن عليك عليك
I don't love الأعراس
I also love the أعراس love people who only deserted him.
* Best عندي in the House of Alberta.
The true الحفل episode is directly إلى
اذن me
He love in the house, where he finds people and أتحدث with whom she is معهم
من not want to report a أحبابه
In the الناس women, the people cancelled جم mosques in dance.
This is all لدينا، if something is هل
There is nothing.
In the next week, the لذي a son of عمتي، I'm a son of عمتي، I and I am in the day that they سيذهب
أسمعت بطائرة Paris, who took up the وعليها of five people over its power.
I'm not actually an event that actually happened.
This is not until Algeria in Algeria.
"The Tree of Naples.
I am a little ناقصة I أرى
بالخصوص Special بسليمة
intact تكلمت معك by من
It is difficult, but later we can later تصحيحها
سليمة؟ where they سليمة؟
The تترجم should be تترجم
Not أدري؟ will now come away.
... No matter is هل
She had a mechanical problem.
The computer that أعطيتك is the تعطل؟
مساء I am هنا
La La لا
"Are بخير سليمة؟
مرحبا Phil intact
شكرا كريمة
هل returned the electric current.
So no longer intact the time.
He was in عونكم
اذن is the subject of a اليوم؟
They did not return to the meeting, and then أعيدوا the BBC الاتصال
The كريمة by writing writing.
approved.
Whatever the problem is مشكلة كريمة
I do not متصلة
...
...
I want to know some information on the weather scale.
Any information any information.
تخص the next week.
The next week the next week God أعلم أعلم
pain تقرئي الجرائد
I can't say things didn't the weather conditions.
I أتابع the weather back every ten days during the summer.
You Like "I don't know the weather الأحوال
For the winter, ice and أقرر were كي ما and ما
It is for this purpose only.
He has no children: a hunting تخرج
I am when I'm a مسافرة
يخطئ خبراء sometimes argue that it is ستمطر and after that the sky is clear as a storm.
Sometimes you are يتهيأ you are speak of another country.
They are always the believe they believe the يصدقون
I Am I is not just five minutes away, in the house.
The weather is based on statistics for individuals.
أحيانا أحيانا satellite imagery is sometimes clear.
In العامية no words.
This word is true فصحى
It is the problem of a satellite of Saturn.
Thus how the number of satellite pictures were صور
طبعا has the use of satellite imagery but the processing of these images is تعطي
I want it, like she want it.
I said: I did not know that I wanted how we were يعملون، when he was يخطؤون
I think it is best if it is نتحدث
لماذا pain يعجبك الموضوع
I never أجد
It is directly separated from the command that it is عنه
Nothing must نحب to speak in the background.
Not have no difference.
أنت أنت
intact It's تقترحين
I am about the subject of the subject.
In immigration in the الهجرة
Any immigration
For the sake of للشباب immigration is not الشرعية
Immigration when humans leaves his own شرعية or not لا
The crisis became a crisis until Europe no longer تصلح for immigrants.
In بلادنا many people live under a large ضغوطات in order to do so when they are they تتاح
Young people are still looking for.
So in the معيشتهم level the best منا
It is true يعتقدونها and سهلة when heated.
come on لنكمل
لقد pp.
كريمة was no longer تعد
I am هنا Murad
اكتبها perspective.
It was not intact to the story of a story who felt the best منا
تقصد intact that أزمتهم is something for a weak life.
كريمة in Europe and America even with the crisis lived in حسنة situations compared to the بنا
They have a strong economy.
yeah true خلتك تتحدثين about شبابنا
Those hobbyists live in any المهم which is not they come back to here here هنا
كريمة أراك تكتبين word Lee John often did not take it in the word عنابة
What all people go exclusively to Alice
Young are true of الأحلام الأحلام
In fact, there is not only young people until the السن and متقاعدين go to Canada to attend Canada.
They travel to Canada another أمر
They attend Canada to subtle Canada.
مراد does not كيف how a man is شرعية to Canada شرعية
يستطيعون could not be يذهبوا to Canada as well.
They attend للحج to Canada what what it is.
There are people who are people in the country of law.
that محقين
It is especially encountered in the بلدهم
In عنابة all the شرعية الهجرات all the legitimacy of the متوجهة
...
I would, if I had a chance of أذهب there were many التقصير in his hand.
بطريقة do not only make the benefit of the كريمة
The أتصور "You arranged in a متجهة to Italy.
speak in the island الجزيرة
No شرعية will not be شرعية
In the island it is separated from the شرعية
سيمنحون you may be a اللجوء
أمري أمري Murad لن
According to Lee that أقطع contact began to do the cold الزكام can't أستمر
طبعا intact شفاك God ء
نذهب كلنا intact I also تعبت
I was so far that I thought to think it's نتوقف
On خير God was told that God would شاء God
If a سعيدة is a lot.
اذن on Sunday Sunday اذن
...
تصبحون on خير
مساء good سليمة
evening Much كريمة
how the case.
How it is a little improvement هل
The best ...
الحمد لله I am the file that he أرسلته
Thus it is a reference مرجع
true أنت محقة intact
...
He also tells the mind on a blog that he أرسلها us to كمال
...
It was not until that time.
ماهي
أقصد the theme of the المتناول
There are many things in many people.
The drug is especially common.
in 1932.
I am in النكت
The الأغاني of what is not نستعمل
It was first discovered in but it was never بال
(The كريمة had entered Murad
yeah رأيته
مساء
"The Tree of Naples.
How حالكما كريمة and entries
الحمد لله وأنت بخير
الحمد لله
Today the first day work is working.
Little قليلا
We also are.
I am أذهب after my بإذن
intact Do تنقلين blog 2".
yeah
In any article the day is located.
Then where you hear it.
here here here.
...
The civil العصيان runs in Egypt in Egypt.
I thought that they were often associated with Syria and Syria منشغلين
For that question on this question we must well be in Egypt and this is not a سهلا
But by نشاهد many people come out of people.
Everything is obvious a case is a coup and almost everyone per million.
A news broadcast is not often أدري if it comes out many or very few people.
The demonstration was never لكنهم
If you want to عليك you will not die in the Egyptian channels.
...
In Syria they were about وشك but on what they seemed to do so.
they wait voting الكونقرس
The Americans would decide to ضربتهم without United Nations and France will participate in the فرنسا
The word writes the same way even if the خاطئة was better than the أفضل all making it true.
The Earth will call the ground.
How see the Man".
... After that then come on
موافق
yeah
Murad Do قرأت letter بعثتها
لنكمل
yeah قرأتها 17).
أعرف كريمة
This spring does not require a لترجمة
Any جملة
We يا the time we نضيع at a correction that in a time that نتفق and نتفادى observations were نتفق
I Do What I now إيقاف
I don't know Murad نكمل I and seeing it to be أرادت
If أردتم المواصلة you do this
Not بأس Murad does not مشكلا
I believe God نكمل my only نكمل about writing if he does.
تعلمون I want to say that I'm every day on an action in the early morning of the season.
If أردتم نبدل
also تشاؤون
In الظهيرة the كريمة كريمة
approval of any hour.
For example, the second half and half of them are held.
approved.
This time, the best that you can require something too much of the focus.
He was one of the two half and a half months later.
The yeah would have to be Murad معنا to the file which he prepared your لكم
approval of the intact أرسلي
He will send will send will police.
Thus تصبحين on خير
On the خير it is the God ...
كريمة أعتذر is quite late in humans.
لابأس intact I also متعبة little
أمكث little then أذهب
Today, I was one of the world's oldest أحسست
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why
Much of the الزحم we are found in a wide variety of نحن
yeah Algeria العاصمة too large capital وسكانها
The hours lasted from a time to a sentence.
I actually نتوه
They would remember God at any time as well.
He was probably one of the عشرون minutes of life.
God is a المعين
كريمة قليلا little etc.
There are nothing travelling or from a conversation أو
No travel is السفر away from the بلدك
I Am when I heard of Algiers until Algiers problems.
But أظنها واجبة does not have anything in the بلدنا at least one thing as little as progress.
I Am Algiers for مثل such as the family not نختارها and كفى
I am أفتقد and their only فالجزائر
I don't know Algiers but أكره that he يملأها
It rejects corruption but it is عسانا
Then from the time only ونعود ونعود will not نفر
A مجال
They must be going going to the اللوريا
The next year, شاء
... God is intact when God is تبدؤون
The October المفروض
However, those students did not أظن
عندنا are next one week in the next week.
لحم are not only mentioned in the fossil إذا
No place was completed.
Students who are not يلتحقون are not يلتحقون
The family echoes up until the end of the year.
What do not study only two or three weeks.
The entries that do not hide the عندي are أقوم
yeah كريمة أعانك God does not hide the لنا
On the خير it was on the Via وطريق
evening Much كريمة
Wednesday Much intact how حالك
الحمد لله and أنت
A new أنت prepared to travel for travel.
I believe I believe we سنحتفظ the same time for this انتظرت
I never أفهم
They are valid throughout all of these days.
You are important in the time and مرتاحة
Murad نائم in العسل
1997.
...
I sit little on women and I want to you.
The long is a long topic and الفلاسفة of scientists and الفلاسفة
Most of the ننوع also survived.
Do تحبين change often alter the سليمة
It came to Murad
مساء
أنتم here has long been retired.
A quarter hour.
Thus Murad ما
"The اطلعتم depends on the translation that your your لكم
yeah I رأيتها
I also Am I also said.
ما intact recording.
There is no observations but if I want you want to you when I want to you when I want it.
طبعا
There are generally acceptable جمل but I think that خاطئة
...
Murder that no words.
This السكوت
أفكر in a سليمة
كريمة expressed national programs for research.
...
نتكلم
نتحدث Al إذا if I want to talk to a بك بك
قليلا and أذهب
غدا I Congress.
أذهب to Morocco
Road safety كمال
I am not something about the article أرسلته
يسر God is a تعود you can return to God and عافية
I am أحبط on Friday but now not بأس
I want to know it, later to my face.
He embarked on a read not after him.
Others truly work difficult to find.
سأعود
I did not participate in the details of the بالتفصيل
How the program focused on the program ترجمان
But by رأيت استعملوا order to يكتشفوا my العامية
The أدري does not all have to do in all of Murad
No matter is أدري if the باستطاعتنا is الأجل
On 1 October, they must be a نكون because they can be يعودوا
You Can It's رأيك
These administrative issues do not أدري how أقصد تسير are made.
This is the رأيت of Murad رأيت
Filming should be delivered in October 2012.
I don't criticize my أتحدث
Neither I did not.
The results must be نعرض to them even though not large ones.
غبروا little actor.
I never want to me.
About anything like كمال كمال proposed the idea of كمال
Probably نسيت
I want to look for young people.
التي compared to that fall and hair was burned.
It is المودة
Any مودة يا سليمة that they are ديكة
راني I am very راني
When he أجد time.
طبعا died of Kemal أذكّرك as he asked me to أفعل
They must need to رؤوسهم to لتفهمي that they do not do something only.
These are المصيبة that they only follow and are not مطلعين
However, I feel it and the stage will pass to no نضغط
Whatever رايكم in the Algerian التي he says what Cash was وين
It wants to know معناها
القرميد اقتلع
or perhaps there are no survivors.
Everything all.
No غير does not mean that the head does not mean that the head is غير
Murad I was the biggest وولدت in Algeria.
I live in my القصبة
God يبارك
The جدتي was founded in Algeria and the capital of مولودة
Lee I want to think his معناها
I want to change the subject of this ما
تقديري trains a change from the subject.
At least لي Lee really قالت
I am أعرفها
This is المثل
I don't agree on my face.
say anyone what I think choices يقيل
...
The second meaning there is no place.
If you learned a new بالنسبة with three معان because they have three لأن
When the project ends the project will not differentiate between the scope of Algeria and the dialect of a عنابة
من of speech.
That is a strong الإنسان
We say we don't know where you are.
The same meaning fly and forth.
أنتم للإشمئزاز للإشمئزاز
We طير the طير and أنتم
This يا كريمة
تعلمين I am not yet أفهم but now استحق استحق are now استحق
We do not نمزح
That came up to the تشبعني
He said, عندي blog of the Arab الأمثال the Algerian Algerian and Morocco والتونسية
أعلم died of Kemal I in order to diversity only for diversity only.
Like مغربي أحبه is frequently present.
...
I are said to have قال يا
حتى Algeria.
أكتبيه بالعربية 17).
It is found in Morocco and Morocco.
There are another such من Algeria.
eat honey بأذنيه
يتذوق art is also a art كذلك
honey has a أذنين that does not أعرفها
La La لا
أظن eat honey بأذنيه
I am yeah I am no Li in الأمثال
This is 17).
When one plays a good on what he plays a good machine or يغني
The condition is where the human honey is يتناول
I never أسمعها
It is a central music الوسط
...
I see in all of Algeria's الجزائري
It's شيخنا
في يقولها in غناءه possibly تعرفينها
This was not done in the lower الدنيا of the divine soul.
Like البهيمة يغدو in the morning للحرث and يلتي feed on the evening off.
has much meanings of common.
Chest تسمعيه
I didn't know this when they replied قروابي I am البا I am on the same thing.
You تحبين vocals and أمي
This singing is also mentioned in the mainstream and artistic medium of the market حمار
...
A special service may be أشبهها in everything for what does not in الغناء
البارح later five and twenty years after it had five and twenty years.
The معناها market is all people.
If they began أسمع
true كريمة
This تشبيه was only described by a ترجمي
There has been a أمد since the أمد of الغناء
أن can be lists of ذكرياته in art.
أكيد I am only أمزح
That Much سأترككم أذهب لأنام غدا أستيقظ باكرا
With the safety of كمال نلتقي in the نونسي God is إن
On the خير it becomes the شاء of God
شكرا
She was never married at night on.
I never heard in these things however.
He tried to do this.
مثلا for example, غدا
yeah هات
I don't تخطب even see it.
These are easily سهلة
It is true for the مائة
If you do not تخف if you go to you.
That same thing.
The أعطينا of Morocco is difficult for إلينا
Only the old القصبة ها the ancient القدماء
It is difficult to تجدوها but it is intended for تتكلموا
He studied at القصبة بمحفظتين
أساعدكم
This I is not أعرفها
...
It was other from Morocco and Jordan.
Under الصومعة علقوا الحجام
One of the dancers was جالسا he was قام
yeah
I never أجد a solution.
قليلا first appeared in Moroccan المغربية
عندك is a few بالقصبة
These are difficult to الصعبة
مدرك means مدرك
This show it تظهر at the الجامع and in the French School of المدرسة
I am frequently أضحك
I said you do not me in this way.
intact تهلوس only entries
أعلم
If the substance does not realise nothing nothing.
There is an interest in the school.
...
أعطيكم meaning
On the قليلي the mind has a similar mind, and the الحمار has a similar محفظتين and الحمار
فهمت
This art must be ندرسه
Love loved the بكلمتين to make human يتخبط
It does not know something nothing.
It suspected that you had something جميلا
This is a problem.
This حلاوتها
كريمة كالعادة بقينا وحدنا
It looks intact as they stay in the valley only to the ground.
...
تركهم Kemal I went to متعبة
true استيقظنا
نكمل سليمة intact that God شاء
yeah I you تصبحين on خير
أنت and سليمة
The Prince never يأت
There are expressed the green السيارة
شكرا
قل man
yeah a professor of رجل
This does not know what he was.
كأنها تحقيق
يا ميدو
أيوب should later study that.
عندي implementation.
yeah سأذهب and آتي آتي
أكيد يا أيوب
أكيد يا أيوب
yeah
إياك not ألا
A foot goes down.
سأعطيك is about half a hour or a quarter of a day.
The single is often going لأعطي
There is no problem problem.
رقمك هو pp.
yeah
" Ant describes يا يا
yeah still 36.
إلتقيت Ben Seven or مازلت
...
yeah
from من
غوالمي
آه really أنت in networks
good good.
I had no children.
This week.
(This evening is تلعبون
It is also not known as لس حسب depending on and .
true مابهم يمزحون
It is one of eleven for معنا
km at .
سأرى now سأرى
الساعة did not want to study out to study .
إنها are not يا by only a quarter of محمد
It was on the 12th and 800.
If you were doing like I مشغولا in the house and سأتصل Bey in the evening off.
How this نذهب معك now now.
After hours after a day.
It exists.
قل Lee where is هي
If you're you're you are taught inside.
Peace عليكم
I am يا يا يا I يا
Peace عليكم
No longer know what we have happened.
شجار signed here to the thing the هل
وفقهم God
It was recorded on the idea of how much كم was recorded by شباب شباب
They are come on in God يا
إنتظر إنتظر دقيقة
I (2003).
هاهي رأيتها
Peace and عليكم Do أنت يا يا يا يا أنت أنت أنت
" Do رجليك يا يا
إذهب
It's .
There are no current exist.
It is also there that there are no public holidays.
إفتح، إفتح ، ، seems to be in a فيها
It wants to do يا وليد؟ a few patience and الصبر
It is المفروض
مابها قدمك؟ what I قلت؟
yeah
There is very obvious ten million people that are not تملكون
How ذلك؟
farther يدك أتريد that أكسرها لك؟
مابك يا يا أخي؟
There is no way to هناك؟
Peace and عليكم Do You بخير؟
والله at the time.
A تدرسون ؟ يا أمر the أجدك is a جالسا لم never تدرس
This unusual is عندنا we are.
تجدنا was only a الجد
As it is very difficult to تستلزم five years of study are الدراسة
It is يحيا
It is with young people.
The الشاي is consumed in less than ten minutes.
I do something time السابقة؟
فهمت everything and the thing
I no like I feel it is going on.
It still is still time مبكرا، سأرسله you are now الآن
أدرس now أدرس
Any ساعة؟
أهلا يا Do Ant بخير؟
in 1932.
In في
Any حديث؟
This .
في any speech in the الفايسبوك or أين؟
It did not lead not to lead not since 1950.
At the previous time, we are جد and they are جد
جدا جدا very مرتاحين
...
آه، يا يا حسام
Overall, the تتجاهلني did not have a أيوب or nothing all continued تجاهلك
He joined the تتجاهلني and says أيوب أيوب
It is now استدرت and you can شئت you if you are.
ماهذا Babylon تمزح؟
Do Ant بخير يا حسام
...
Do ؟ تجري؟
I am free.
جميل، continued only for it.
...
It must أتمرن
come on Peace عليكم
I will not see the حسام
عدنما comes ليغلقه، I له I إسمع not close him.
أصبت had not been in the same.
ماذا؟
سنعرض غدا غدا
I Am the 9th edition.
In الفايسبوك they tell that حسام are سيعرض
ماذا؟
You have سيبدأ؟
رويدا رويدا، (Trans.
In the morning and أعطني they ignored غدا in the morning and they visited in the morning.
The night إبني أكرهها into the night .
غدا if غدا are on hand.
أين from أين؟
* The لي is at least لي going to the لتعبئة market.
I am free.
...
أشرب، أشرب is very عادي
We focus on the المكان؟
It is open that it is usually من
،مغلق،
أعلم and خليل are found in the room at room أعلم
I thought I had to lose him.
But no longer in the room is no longer in the Room.
لماذا؟
No أعلم
It's something of such القبيل
yeah
صدقني La أعلم
yeah
km for عددنا is عددنا إثني
yeah
When he spends eight more يعني
yeah
He does the four and twenty student students and attended the 10.
This Hollywood".
For more than eight years of age.
...
The last year was إثنان بمقام
That year, you have five تحضر
He does not تتحجج
* تدرس every day impossible to be the case.
All days from the 8th to الرابعة go back to المزل
The a wide program is not دراستنا
She always escaped from the 8th to one side, later when he اكتشفتها when he was اكتشفتها
It was أتذكر during two days but later إنتهى
During two days psychological as a أعود was found as أخلد
إنتهى all of that.
* young young people اليوم؟
for this.
تمرنوا
Peace and عليكم هل You ask where they went الفرق؟ we here فريق
أهلا بكم How حالكم ؟هل تمرنتم جيدا؟
This species ،أنت
حضرها أحسن Best أحسن
يا Khalid We قادمون
*, القهوة؟
by Ali
From علي؟
Ali eventually built.
أين؟ where ستذهب؟
يا Hamza (2000) حالك؟
بخير
أمسكت اليوم؟ اليوم؟
والله cold قارص
Peace عليكم
إسأله Do There exist
Whatever one is the فقط؟ type.
Other words.
km ثمنها؟
Five Ten دينارا
Money in money is available.
On ، the university is always empty down.
Today they went on second to begin two hours old.
Previously خلالهم app and عدت
I am one of the 10 half to 10 days.
When they are young, they are always everybody
true أرأيتهم؟
It said that the three together, جيد
I'm said of all people.
...
No one is said for the next week.
There are بقرة white and سوداء، that are from the Netherlands.
المهم that ذاهبون
If I want to want people to be made of.
It can تجمع everything and تصنعه
But how ينطلق؟
The heart is تضخ
فهمت
The spirit is that there could not be interpreted by the soul.
Its key is الإنطلاق
It is layer of blood in the whole body.
تضع blood
A body with a blood and a heart in which the القلب is not حيا
In later there is no nothing.
كأنك نفخت بالونا if the air is empty.
However, how they could not explain their العين؟
" يقولون
Any عين؟
eye الحسد
آه No.
There are things.
The eye is the right but cannot تفسيرها، God as the right person.
This is things that God made it an تصل for إليها
I can what you can see the الشيطان
Do ، Do قلت said.
I said you didn't know my face.
There are رآهم رآهم
There are إشهار in تبث القنوات films.
I see your vision to the ordinary عادي
People speak about them.
No يعرفون
If they are involved in this example.
It is said that you could not take this way.
No longer بالإيمان cannot يسكنك
If we think it is يسكنك it means that it is not بعيد
Because it is originally نار، it is presumed that no يسكنك، can be يسكنك،
Eventually, the the the the the the the the the the the the the فيك or not أعلم how we do it.
I said if someone was أصيب or nothing of this go to the المرقي
Whatever the meaning of this ؟
يسكنه Jean
Had the المرقي is not متمكن، it is به
الجان، الجان سيهزأ بالمرقي!
It defines the points of human ضعف
The place of what is from what they سيتوقف
...
The small eruption is not in the body but if it is no تستطيع
It can be recovered from a رأسك and a بنزيف
كنت was one of the entries for example, like people with another person related to the other world.
عالم world الجان
There are true life after death death.
The soul goes فتموت
أرأيت؟ "You have grown only to the sky.
He means that in a coma it may صعدت
فهمت؟ what we do at that day, do so at the day, you do this.
...
A new yeah غدا is released.
It entered something and took something soon.
...
One of the family is only one summer, in the capital of the country.
They escaped from the home and later الجلباب
أمسكوها and عننما أمسكوها did not يعنفوها
If they are عنفوها
yeah
تركوها are weak and تبعوها
أتعرف يا يا I جالسا أقسم يا يا
Before entering the home of the ماذا he says the word إني أراك إني أراك
For what another came off from it.
A ملتحي will live at the bottom of the lower الطابق
أرأيت؟ and مباشرة are directly placed on a hand here, and told the بالله of the الشيطان
Le character How it is اهتزت above Earth ground.
On one occasion they hit the stadium at the stadium.
تنهض فيحملونها
، reads the القرآن،تسقط again read again.
She says the problem of مس
About two to two days.
A woman in برحال
He was و and a الفتاة
Girl is not مستحسنا
يا أتذكر أتذكر an الملعب؟
A person is يهتز alone, being ،يجري and يهتز
The person is a جان
A number of يقولون say that he was he جن
All one says something is not أعلم
It is possible to be روحه
How ذلك؟ Do تصعد this way
Whatever if the spirit is صعدت the spirit is كيف
The ،يجري ،ثم and is generally very عادي
He is said to have been a القلب، to the heart القلب، كنت I خائفا or متوترا there is no greater إحتمال
We believe that the person is يرون
All attitudes are related to بالدين
هناك there is no true أذكار for منك
It can be يتبعك in automobile cars and can be يدخلوا
For example, there are always housed in الخالية
They are تجدهم in place of a place like sea البحر
I know what I didn't know the الشيطان where I knew it was هاجوج and ماجوج on the مثلث
It is not a هاجوج and ماجوج of the Christ of Christ الدجال
The triangle is برمودا
A place in the sea.
from كلمك
When it is تدخل it is تدخل when it takes you to do so.
If a aircraft is passed under a طائرة if a ship is passed to a تغرق، it is said that there are times that fall normal and تمر times تمر
I said you المسيح a الدجال in that island.
There are يا يا in the برمودا
I felt that since not أعلم from went to there, where he went on to إاى
This went to place where the place went .
For what they found the island entered the فوجدوا
They were originally found live in it.
Later, they found a كهفا and فوجدوا people enrolled in مكبلا
yeah
It is one of the green red أحمر
فهمت كيف؟
That is, this means the signs of runway علامات
The late الدجال Christ and the عيسى، of a من enters the هنا
It's about why it is من
Muslims were over and Muslim Muslims.
There is a penetration of عيسى لأن fish is not a dead and مثلك
After عيسى عيسى he obtained such all العباد
There is everything that ...
The important after ينزل عيسى عيسى could not be seen to the النور
يحترق if عيسى عيسى is seen to ، if he does يفعل until it does not mean that it is a سيفه يدخل from here and يخرجه
Muslims are not solely seen in Muslim countries.
Because God is يعطيه the abilities of قدرات
It is said to have something in the يراها يراها
It is said that in my جبهته it is always seen as a فحسب
...
He is said to consider him even to him.
It's .
He is said to have very me and says that you would not أفتن
أهرب is said to be حد، here and أنت so far too far that faith can be تقول
It is said that no person can يفتن
It's لك؟
"Evil يحضره etc.
Any يحضره can يحضره
There are no current exist.
It cannot تهرب، a أمامك
It can descend all of these variations.
To يفتنك any way of مادمت the يأتيك يأتيك can see it is Lord الرب
Do فهمت كيف؟
It is someone that إيمانه is strong and يفتن
It must تهرب
With إيماننا this ، God فليحفظنا
دعاء is said to be دعاء
تقوله after الشهادتين
There is another دعاء and another دعاء
فبل that comes out.
yeah Christ Christ الدجال
The cave also الكهف the تجنبك
I is said to know it.
People who find money are يحب
والداك مييتان يحييهما etc.
I sit since the 4th الرابعة
Today the second day was و
لحلق went to شعري and صعدت the day day اليوم
رأسي and لكني La أريد sleep.
It is about 15 years of time.
And when لك؟
It is basically a يقال and is very متعب and is not تسطيع
It is true مضرة
يا has claimed this is useful for يا
The person is not possible to say it is possible to إبتلاء
They either have no or do ، جرب to تتصدق and سترى
أنت، You learn you did something do so.
Not reality I have no يوم days.
الصلاة is involved in the فيك
صدقني Sally, do not see the entire فيك
In the morning of this normal human can do things poor objects.
فليحفظنا God
فهمت or لا؟
Things is the يفعلها only God إلا
No one is known as ارتكب of the الذنوب، or لا؟
Up to being prayer only to the prayer
It is not necessarily الأمر
أنت يؤذن and You play الدومينو
When يؤذن You are on the wall is on the wall of the eternal أم
Like God tells you feel you تعالى and Ant says you will not.
This thinking true of a hundred percent تفكير
It is not as لو as the يرفع أنت and You يرفع
true You جالس
الدومينو is the cause of disaster disaster and one disaster كارثة
Humans are يعذب on this really يعذب in the lower and الآخرة
*, أن We return to للصلاة
صلاح إسمع يا in the day became humans a بشكل بشكل
All of the day, إسمع went on to see him.
I even I am أنا
This death is a heart of the بحادث heart signs.
شخص is what is known as the daughter of my uncle إبراهيم؟
He inhabit the الحجار
yeah died of a young young Matt مات Matt الفجر
This الحمد meant the الفجر لله dawn of what God is شاء
He is also said to know يا
It عائدين the dawn of his dawn and his أنت You شغل and his أذهب أذهب لأشتري and آتي
Mr. ليشغل went there there on there however.
The car was تتحرك
He died.
It is not about the قوة
In a زوج a pair سميرة is entirely زوج
that car died.
yeah the Red السيارة
تسمع things do not confirm it.
I died in تبسة مات
A person who is also a serious شخص together to a mountain do.
After almost four days of the mail day, he went on to drag office.
خارجا ذهب went very few to the next صباحا
موت death.
جدك حديثا
It was not a week week.
Now, I think a week since the week.
Five days prior to a week before a week before a week was opened night.
The last week to study was أرأيت
سيبلغ months are approximately سيبلغ
On Thursday الوالد went to تبسة
Their daughter اتصلت the daughter of the خاله
Since three or four years old, they have عليها hot water سنوات
This is the big meaning that اعتدنا it به to the أرأيته
The day a day fell to the head of CAD to كاد
الثياب was a تنشر
I said I am the second عدت I had to feel a man's فحسب
Later, تصلي
Lee أمك متعبة I am لأطبخ
I said I had إذهبي and اطبخي
Lee said that happened today occurred in the المشفى
In later Lee the door fell the door of it.
Later, Lee أرأيت the door of here to that.
I think when Lee is told me.
باب
Lee said that he was not the ability to on
and N.S.
و and ازرق which take it as a very عضته
Later, it was transferred to المشفى
taken الوالد
...
La La لا
أعطاها علاجا
She said she راقبي yourself four and twenty hours.
أرأيت and سيظهر all occur after four and twenty hours.
المصائب
He believed that she would أكملت or nothing else أكملت
If he was of he was a تموت he could die شهيدة
I said Lee said I would have said if I was too much بعد
لأني توضأت and صليت back
She was وضوء behind the back and صائمة
I really yeah the evil ...
أتعلم كانت the الوالدة are the things with كهذه
From التعب
تعتتقد says it will never give the impression to the Morocco, Morocco, and Morocco that it does not تفطر until the يرفع
That hour أفطرت I am the seventh day and is today السابعة
They do not lose the strike of the strike.
صدقني أفطرنا on seven السابعة
Chest pain, in something المشفى
There is no difference in the مشفانا
I said that he would take the entire لمختص
You know learning in مشفانا not only by أحدا
I have a lower thing that you are تقدر
But you do anything like you do.
الرائحة still exists.
الفم If I have been لنزعتهم since time أعلم
أتعلم يا when I'm a صائما love not to أخرج the أخاف we believe أكلم
Murder that would be صائما
Everyone is at فمه
أتعرف يا صلاح لماذا why everyone was in فمه رائخة
It does not also exist.
He even و and غسلت and فمك remained there at no رائحة
For Mars, even like فمك and تنهض it becomes a رائحة
When there is a smell for what we are said to cause the bacteria الرائحة
yeah of the المسك رائحة
These are initially seen as a standard and between yourself and calcium.
He then worked as a ثنائي and Anna أردنا
I said you really want to do so alone to do so alone alone.
Education will function فرديا
One individual yeah individual yeah
I am a good and very high معنوياتي
I said that سأتعب and his good friend, something good جيد
إسمع أذلك page.
It is well known for a good work in individual labor.
For example, they are many things that are many things of French and الانجليزية
If he was معي Khalid was a الفرنسية who, like الفرنسية French and الانجليزية Lee and Linda would not أتعلم
Thus it was restricted to criticism and preservation of what would be documented in the early بالفرنسية period.
لأنك لوحدك لوحدك
There is no one معك to عليك something and a good المؤطر
كلش nice have لدينا
I am my I thought.
" No one person studied الآلي
You تفهمه
I really married أتعرف أتعرف and الطاهر
The young people are not true.
The test day on Thursday days.
أول first aired on Thursday in any hour.
A test test of third to four النصف
الحاسوب برنامجا أنت and You ran from the third to the fourth and أنت
يحسب is an يحسب
أضف that did not know the فهمت
On the night of you if you are performing in normal الامتحانات
I try to make me only to me.
أحسست بتعبك
true true
The study of this study is now يا
صلاح صلاح wanted the person to study any time يا
He decides to study the صدقني that at that time he did not understand the person أيعالج or what he got money and أنت
Each one تجده has additional additional interaction with the study يزعجه with the study.
If it is أني it is on and is now based on the المصباح family.
أقسم بالله that each one has thing
It abruptly ends.
...
come on is a peace in Bahrain.
مصلي is a young رائع and مصلي
لون are found in the night as well.
This is enough to study in the morning until studying at night حتى
